Category:Missing_people	368315	Category:Culture/Category:Cultural_anthropology/Category:Unexplained_disappearances/Category:Missing_people Category:History/Category:Unexplained_disappearances/Category:Missing_people	"Adolfo Facussé is a prominent Honduran businessman known for his support for the de facto government of Roberto Micheletti during the 2009 Honduran constitutional crisis. On September 12 he was refused Stella Heiß (born January 15, 1993 in Cologne) is a German curler. She played lead for Andrea Schöpp when she represented Germany at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Curling. At seventeen years, she was the Stella Nina McCartney (born 13 September 1971) is an English fashion designer. She is the daughter of former Beatles member Sir Paul McCartney and the late photographer and animal rights activist, Linda Stella Schindler is an American singer-songwriter, from the Washington, D.C. area. Her work has been described as ""bluegrass-tinged folk"" Her debut album New Horizon was released in 2001. She released Stefano Perugini (September 10, 1974 in Viterbo) is a former Grand Prix motorcycle road racer from Italy. His best season was in 2003 when he won two Grand Prix races and finished the season in fourth Sherwin T. Gatchalian (born April 6, 1974) is a Filipino-Chinese businessman from Valenzuela City, Philippines. He is the current mayor of Valenzuela City and the first representative to represent the Rudyard Griffiths is an author, public commentator and social entrepreneur. Griffiths is the author of Who We Are: A Citizen's Manifesto (2009). In his book Griffiths argues that Canada has become a “postmodern Edward T. “Tad” Foote II served as the fourth president of the University of Miami 1981-2001. A graduate of John Burroughs School in St. Louis, Missouri, and Yale University, Foote served as dean of the Mamuka Magrakvelidze (born 12 August 1977) is a Georgian rugby union footballer, currently playing in the French professional rugby league, the Pro D2, for the Tarbes Pyrénées Rugby club. He previously Mamta Baruah Herland is a painter and digital artist born in Assam, north east India, now living just outside Oslo, Norway. She has studied Visual Arts at Sydney College of Arts in Australia, Graphic Edward P. (""Skip"") Stritter, engineer and entrepreneur, was the chief architect of the Motorola 68000 microprocessor, a co-founder of the first commercial RISC company MIPS Computer Systems, the founder María José Maldonado Gómez is a Paraguayan beauty queen. She was born in the capital city of Paraguay, Asunción. On March 17, 2007 she was crowned Miss Paraguay 2007, and represented her country in the Mamadou Diabaté (born 1975) is a kora player. He began playing quite early in his life, became known as a musician in the area of Mali in which he lived, and has since moved to the United States, recording Ruben Garcia, Jr. (born August 15, 1951) is a former Executive Assistant Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI). Garcia was born to Mexican-American parents, Cecilia and Ruben Garcia in Ruben Astigarraga is a retired Argentinian soccer forward who played in the North American Soccer League, second and third American Soccer League, Major Indoor Soccer League, American Indoor Soccer Association Norman Stephan Kinsella (born 1965) is an American intellectual property lawyer and libertarian legal theorist. His electronically-published works are primarily published on his blog and websites associated Agustín Bernal (born Romualdo Bucio on 1959 in the town of El Cahulote in Parácuaro, Michoacán) is a Mexican actor, director, writer, and producer, mostly known for his frequent appearances in Mexican Rubén Oscar Glaría (born March 10, 1948 in Argentina) is a former Argentine footballer and manager, and now a politician. He played for San Lorenzo and Racing Club and represented the Argentina national Timecode, real name Rob Playford, (born 25 March 1968) is a UK drum and bass DJ, producer and record label owner. He is best known as founder of Moving Shadow&mdash;one of the biggest record labels in Mr Thomas W. Bifwoli is a career Customs Officer who works for the Kenya Revenue Authority (KRA). He worked in the Regional Intelligence Liaison Office before being appointed the head of the Mombasa Anti-smuggling Adeeb Kamal Ad-Deen (born 1953) is an Iraqi Australian poet, journalist and translator writing mainly in Arabic Adeeb Kamal Ad-Deen studied Economics and English Literature at the Baghdad University and Shri Ajay Singh Chauhan (born 13 March 1961) is a politician from Indian National Lok Dal party and a former Member of Rajya Sabha and Lok Sabha representing Haryana, the upper and lower house of the Adam Bielański (born December 14, 1912 in Kraków) is a Polish chemist and professor of the Jagiellonian University. He is the member of the Polish Academy of Science. His brother, Władysław (1911–1982), Timothy Batabaire (born August 25, 1981 in Iganga) is a Ugandan football (soccer) defender playing for South African Premier Soccer League club Bidvest Wits. He had started playing in 1999 with SC Villa Rossif Sutherland (born September 25, 1978) is a Canadian actor. Sutherland was born in Vancouver, British Columbia, the son of Canadian actors Donald Sutherland and Francine Racette, brother of actor Alastair Fothergill (born 10 April 1960 in London the United Kingdom) is a producer of nature documentaries for television and cinema. He is the executive producer of the multi-award winning series The Stefano Palmieri (born 18 September 1964) is Captain Regent of San Marino together with Francesco Mussoni for the semester from 1 October 2009 to 1 April 2010. Member of the Popular Alliance (Alleanza Rosemary Thompson (born 17 October 1964) is the Director of Communications for Canada's National Arts Centre, located in Ottawa. She is the former deputy bureau chief of the parliamentary bureau for CTV Mahathir bin Mohamad was the fourth Prime Minister of Malaysia. He held the post for 22 years from 1981 to 2003, making him Malaysia's longest-serving Prime Minister, and one of the longest-serving leaders Nathaniel ""Magnificent"" Montague (born 1928), is an American R&amp;B disc jockey notable not only for the soul music records he helped promote on KGFJ Los Angeles and WWRL New York City, but whose trademark Stephanie Leanne Fearon (sometimes credited as Steph Fearon, born 8 February 1989) is a British stage and television actress most noted for her TV appearances in the CITV show My Parents Are Aliens and Sister Rosemary E. Jeffries, Ph. D is President of Georgian Court University (formerly Georgian Court College) and Vice Chair of the New Jersey Presidents' Council Executive Board (2006-2007). A native Stephen A. Miles is an author and consultant to CEOs and corporate boards of directors. He is a Vice Chairman of Heidrick &amp; Struggles, a member of the global CEO and board practice and a member of Rosemary Brantley is a fashion designer. She began her career as a runway model in Dallas. She then attended Parsons School of Design in New York. When she graduated in 1973, she was named ""Designer of Stephen Allender (born July 24, 1960) is a former Australian rules footballer who played for the Sydney Swans and Hawthorn in the Victorian Football League (VFL) during the 1980s. Allender was recruited Shafqat Amanat Ali is a Pakistani classical singer belonging to Patiala Gharana lineage.. He is the youngest brother of the late Asad Amanat Ali Khan. He was also the lead vocalist of the popular Pakistani Stephen Estcourt QC was born 20 March 1953 at Hobart, Tasmania. He was educated at New Town High School and Elizabeth Matriculation College and graduated with an Honors degree in law from the University Alberto Berasategui (born 28 June 1973, in Bilbao, Spain) is a former professional tennis player from Spain. He reached the men's singles final at the French Open in 1994. Berasategui began playing tennis Timothy J. Cooney is the author of the book Telling Right From Wrong. Cooney was not able to get his first two books published, so in an attempt to legitimize his third book, he submitted a falsified Rosa Maria Calles (born October 15, 1949) is an Hispanic American artist, playwright, producer, and director. She is best known for her critically acclaimed stage production, Cuento de La Llorona/Tale Margaret ""Maggie"" Keenan-Bolger (born December 2, 1983 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American actress, singer, playwright, and dancer. She is the sister of Tony Award-nominee Celia Keenan-Bolger and Broadway Aldéo Saulnier is the current mayor of Bouctouche, New Brunswick. As a Progressive Conservative party candidate, Saulnier opposed the current Leader of the Opposition Shawn Graham for the position of Timothy Michael Tymkovich (born November 2, 1956) is a federal judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit. Born in Denver, Colorado, Tymkovich received a B.A. from Colorado College Hours Alejandro Palladino is an Argentine footballer who last played for Dinamo Tirana in Albania. His position is left full-back. He played just one UEFA Champions League game against FK Modriča. Dr. Alejandro Zaffaroni (born 1923) is a serial entrepreneur who is responsible for founding several successful biotechnology companies in Silicon Valley. Born in 1923 in Montevideo, Uruguay, Dr. Zaffaroni Aleksandar Damyanov (born February 25, 1943) is a Bulgarian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1960s. He finished eighth in the C-2 1000 m event at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. Aleksandr Mikhailovich Familtsev is a Kazakhstani professional footballer who currently plays for FC Sakhalin Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk. He also has Russian citizenship. Familtsev made 34 appearances for the Aleksandr Goncharov is a former field hockey player from the Soviet Union, who won the bronze medal with his national team at the boycotted 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow, behind India (gold) and Spain Aleksandr Nikolaevich Kurlovich is a former Soviet/Belarusian weightlifter. He trained at Armed Forces sports society in Hrodna. In 2006 he was elected member of the International Weightlifting Federation Aleksandr Remmovich Melentiev is a former Soviet/Kyrgyz sport shooter who competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics. On 1980 Olympics, Melentiev has achieved record result of Aleksandr Vladimirovich Tsilyurik is a retired Russian professional footballer. He made his professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1982 for FC Mayak Kharkiv. He also as the hardest name to Aleksandr Matveyevich Yelizarov (born 7 March 1952) is a former Soviet biathlete. At the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, he won a gold medal with the Soviet relay team, and an individual bronze med Aleksandra Zelenina (born 21 November 1986) is a retired Moldovan athlete who specialized in the long and triple jump events. She was born in Bendery. She finished twelfth in the triple jump at the 2005 Alessandro Zampedri (born 3 October 1969 in Brescia) is an Italian race car driver. He started three Indy 500's (1995, 1996, and 1997). Zampedri was seriously injured in the 1996 Indianapolis 500 suffering Alessio Tacchinardi is a retired Italian footballer who played as defensive midfielder and spent the vast majority of his career playing for Juventus FC, winning 17 official trophies with the club. Alexander Genrikhovich Beliavsky (sometimes transliterated as Belyavsky, born December 17, 1953) is a Soviet and Slovenian chess grandmaster. Beliavsky was born in Lviv, USSR. He currently lives in Slovenia Stephen McAlpine was the seventh Lieutenant Governor of Alaska from 1982 to 1990. Stephen McAlpine was born on May 23, 1949, in Yakima, Washington, the fourth child of Robert E. and Myrtle B. (Loomis) Stephen LeCharles Randolph is an American left-handed pitcher formerly in Major League Baseball but now for the Yokohama BayStars of NPB. Randolph was selected by the New York Yankees in the 18th round Achille Silvestrini was one of the most prominent Vatican diplomats during the long reign of John Paul II. He was Cardinal Prefect of the Congregation for the Oriental Churches between 1991 and 2000. Tito Rajarshi Mukhopadhyay was diagnosed in early childhood with severe or low functioning non-verbal autism, and is an individual who provides unique insights into the nature of his autism, and perhaps Alexander Gemignani (born July 3, 1979) is a Broadway actor and tenor. Gemignani was raised in Tenafly, New Jersey and is a graduate of the University of Michigan's Musical Theater Department. He is the Stephen Westfall is an American painter, critic, and professor at Bard College. He graduated from the University of California, Santa Barbara with a B.A. and M.F.A. in 1978. His work is in the collections Stephen Zaretski is a Manitoba farmer and politician. During the early 1980s, he lived in Dominion City. In the provincial election of 1969, Zaretski ran in the riding of Emerson for the New Democratic Alexander Andreyevich Prokhanov is a Soviet and Russian writer. He is a member of the secretariat of the Writers Union of the Russian Federation and the editor-in-chief of ultra-nationalist newspaper Alexander Alekseyevich Sizonenko is a giant, last measured at 244 centimetres (eight feet), a former Soviet basketball player. Sizonenko has continued to grow since this measurement was taken. Sizonenko Alexandre del Valle (born September 6, 1969) is an Italo-French political scientist, geopolitician, and researcher at Institut Choiseul for International Politics and Geoeconomics. His research focuses A significant contributor to the field of television and film post production engineering,Ronald (Ron) Martin has contributed developments to today's entertainment industry. Moving through multiple generations Stevan Lieberman (born July 22, 1965 in Brooklyn, NY) is regarded as a legal expert in intellectual property law. He is most known as a pioneer in the technology-law areas of virtual worlds, domain names Steve Brimacombe (born 7 May 1971) is an Australian athletics coach and former runner. Under the tutelage of renowned Scottish coach Jim Bradley (athletics coach), Brimacombe won the 1991 Stawell Gift. Steve Charnovitz (born 1953) is a scholar of public international law, living in the United States. He teaches at The George Washington University Law School in Washington, DC, and is best known for his Steve Lillywhite (born 1955) is an English Grammy Award winning record producer. From his early work with Ultravox in 1976 through to the present day, Lillywhite has produced a variety of musicians including Steve Touchstone is the guitarist of the influential American hardcore band Xbxrx. He has worked on the side in various projects like Kit, Warbler, Double Rainbow and his solo band Snowsuit. Steven E. Shreve is amathematician and currently the Orion Hoch Professor of Mathematical Sciences at Carnegie Mellon University and the author of several major books on the mathematics of financial derivatives. Alexei Fernando Ramírez is a Major League Baseball second baseman and shortstop for the Chicago White Sox. His nickname, given to him by White Sox manager Ozzie Guillén, is ""The Cuban Missile"" due to Alfio Bruno Tempera is a property master and buyer of Italian cinema. Started in the early sixties with films such as It Started in Naples by Melville Shavelson with Clark Gable, and The Agony and the Thomas S. Monahan is the President and CEO of CIBC Mellon (as of November 2, 2009) succeeding Thomas C. MacMillan. Mr Monahan is a native of Montreal, Quebec and has a bachelor of commerce degree from Rolland D. McCune (born June 3, 1934) is an American theologian who is professor of Systematic Theology at the Detroit Baptist Theological Seminary in Allen Park, Michigan, where he previously was the Alfrēds Rubiks (born September 24, 1935 in Daugavpils) is a Latvian politician. He served as Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Riga City Soviet from 1984 to 1990, and is commonly referred to Sergio García Fernández (born 9 January 1980) is a Spanish professional golfer who plays on both the United States PGA Tour and the European Tour. He has spent much of his career in the top 10 of the Stefan Hula, Jr. (born September 29, 1986 in Szczyrk) is a Polish ski jumper who has competed since 2002. Competing in two Winter Olympics, he earned his best finish of fifth in the team large hill event Russell Vincent MacKinnon (born October 4, 1953) is a land surveyor and politician in Nova Scotia, Canada. He represented Cape Breton West in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 1988 to 1995 and then Ali Bayramoğlu (b. 1956) is a Turkish writer and political commentator. He is a columnist in the Turkish daily newspaper Yeni Safak, writing from a liberal pro-Islamic viewpoint. He has campaigned against Roger Gudmundseth (born 15 June 1938) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party. He was born in Ålesund as a son of shipmaster Randulv Gudmundseth (1906&ndash;1972) and housewife Jenny Rasmussen Steven John Grieveson (born 1970) is an English serial killer who was convicted on 28 February 1996 of the murders of three teenage boys in the city of Sunderland, Tyne and Wear from 1993 to 1994. It Sergey Pavlovich Nepobedimiy is a Soviet designer of rocket weaponry. He was the Head and Chief Designer of the Kolomna Mechanical Engineering Design Bureau (1965-1989). He graduated from Bauman Moscow Sergey Krivozheyev is a Soviet sprint canoer who competed in the early 1980s. He won two gold medals in the K-4 500 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships, earning them in 1981 and 1982. Rodrigo Sperafico (born July 23, 1979) is a Brazilian racing driver. He currently drives in the Stock Car Brasil series. He belongs to the Sperafico family of racing drivers, which includes twin brother Alondra de la Parra (born October 31, 1980) is a Mexican conductor. She is also the founder and artistic director of the New York-based Philharmonic Orchestra of the Americas, an orchestra that promotes Toby Ann Stavisky represents the 16th district in the New York State Senate which comprises the Queens neighborhoods of Bay Terrace, Bayside, Beechhurst, Clearview Gardens, Flushing, Rego Park, Forest Alphonse Siyam Siwe (born August 4, 1953) is a Cameroonian politician who served as Minister of Energy and Water from 2004 to 2006 and was previously the Director-General of the Autonomous Port of Douala. Steve O'Brien is a lieutenant colonel in the Minnesota Air National Guard's 133rd Airlift Wing. O'Brien has become known because of a notable coincidence on 9/11, when he and his crew flew close, in space Rodney So'oialo is a New Zealand rugby union player. His usual position is at number eight, where he has played for the All Blacks. He is also the captain of the Hurricanes team in the Super 14 compet Russell Maliphant [born November 18, 1961 in Ottawa, Canada] is a British choreographer who trained at the Royal Ballet School and graduated into Sadler’s Wells Royal Ballet before leaving to pursue a Dr Rodney Blackhirst (born 3 October 1960) is an Australian writer and academic working in the field of Philosophy and Religious Studies. He is currently lecturing at La Trobe University, Australia. His Sergei Ivanovich Ovchinnikov (born October 11, 1970 in Moscow) or Boss is a manager and former football goalkeeper who played for the Russian national team. Concerning his club career, he is most famous Sir Roderick Howard Carnegie AC (born 27 November 1932) is a prominent Australian businessman, primarily working in the coal industry. He was awarded a knighthood in the 1978 Queen's Birthday Honours Seppo Keskinarkaus is a Finnish orienteering competitor. He received a silver medal in the relay event and finished 11th in the individual event at the 1979 World Orienteering Championships in Tampere Rochelle Abramson is a violinist in Los Angeles, California. She is a first violinist with the Los Angeles Philharmonic. She has served as concertmaster of various local orchestras, and currently is concertmaster Amador Álvarez is a Spanish politician. Married with five children, he gained a doctorate in law and worked as a notary. He is a spokesman of the Partido Popular. He has served as mayor of Carrascalejo Robin Gayle Wright (born April 8, 1966) is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Jenny in the film Forrest Gump and as Buttercup in The Princess Bride, credited as Robin Wright. She Roberto Mazzoleni (born 29 March 1964) is a retired Italian sprinter who specialized in the 400 metres. At the 1995 World Indoor Championships he won a silver medal in the 4 x 400 metres relay, together Professor Roberta Gilchrist FSA, MIFA (born 1965) is a British archaeologist, who is currently Professor of Archaeology at the University of Reading. She gained her PhD in medieval archaeology from the Eddie Harmon-Jones is professor of psychology at the Texas A&amp;M University. He is recognized for his research on social neuroscience, cognitive dissonance, and the motivating aspects of emotions. Beginning R. Sakthivel Murugan is an Indian politician and former Member of the Legislative Assembly. He was elected to the Tamil Nadu legislative assembly as an Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam candidate from Ambasamudram Amma Sri Karunamayi (born 1958) is a Hindu spiritual leader. Karunamayi tours internationally teaching meditation. In India, she has founded programs to help the rural poor and disenfranchised, including Robert Guy Torricelli (born August 27, 1951), nicknamed ""the Torch,"" is an American politician from the U.S. state of New Jersey. Torricelli, a Democrat, served 14 years in the U.S. House of Representatives Amos B. Hostetter, Jr. was born in 1937. Hostetter, Jr is the founder and former chairman and chief executive officer of Continental Cablevision. With an estimated current net worth of around $2.2 billion, Robert R. Glauber is a Lecturer at Harvard's Kennedy School of Government and a visiting professor at the Harvard Law School. He is the former Chairman, President, Board Member and Chief Executive Officer Robert Norman Zeitlin (born 1935) is an American professor emeritus of anthropology at Brandeis University. He has a B.A. in psychology from Cornell University, a B.S. in aeronautical engineering from This article is about John White, the Ulster Unionist Party politician. See John White (loyalist) for the unconnected Ulster Democratic Party politician. Both were elected to the Northern Ireland Forum Aníbal de Jesús Moreira (born 17 September 1966 in Luanda) is an Angolan basketball player. He competed at the 1992, 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics with the Angola national basketball team. Ana María Polo (born on April 11, 1959) is a Cuban-American lawyer and Hispanic television judge on Caso Cerrado. Born in Havana, Cuba, Ana, came to Miami at a young age accompanied by her family. Later, Robert J. Stevens is the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Lockheed Martin. Robert J. Stevens serves as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Lockheed Martin. He has held a variety Florence Fernandes (born December 1, 1968) is a Portuguese slalom canoer who competed from the mid 1990s to the early 2000s. She finished 22nd in the K-1 event at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. Ananda W.P. Guruge (born 8 December 1928) is Sri Lankan civil servant. Former Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary of Sri Lanka to UNESCO, France, and the United States (with non-resident accreditation Robert J. Gaffney was the sixth County Executive of Suffolk County, New York. First elected in 1991, he served through 2003. Since 2006 he has been president of Dowling College. Born and educated in New María Florencia Bertotti Baleirón (born 15 March 1983), better known as Florencia Bertotti, is an Argentine actress, singer and producer. She is probably the best known for her roles in telenovelas Verano Luis Perez-Sala Valls-Taberner (born 15 May 1959 in Barcelona) is a Spanish former racing driver who competed in Formula One, Formula 3, Formula 3000 and Touring Cars. Perez-Sala contested the 1985 Italian Tomás Campos (born 14 September 1975 in Tuxpan, Veracruz) is a Mexican professional footballer who currently plays for C.F. Ciudad Juárez in the Primera División de México. He was part of the Cruz Azul Anastasia Goodstein is the publisher of Ypulse, a Forbes magazine Best of the Web blog. She is also the author of Totally Wired: What Teens and Tweens Are Really Doing Online (St. Martin’s Press), which Anatoliy Antonovich Polishchuk is a Ukrainian former volleyball player who competed for the Soviet Union in the 1976 Summer Olympics. In 1976 he was part of the Soviet team which won the silver medal Edward “Eddie” Fenech Adami (born 7 February 1934) was the Prime Minister of Malta from 1987 until 1996 and from 1998 until 2004; subsequently he was the seventh President of Malta from 2004 to 2009. Tomas O'Canainn (1930-) is an Irish Uilleann piper, accordion player, singer, composer and writer. He was a founder of the group Na Fili with fiddler Matt Cranitch and whistle player Tom Barry in the Since 1994 Stefan Eichinger, also known as LOPAZZ, has been part of the Heidelberg based HD800 team; he also runs the multimedia label 800achtspur, and is renowned as a film composer and Mix-Mastering-Engineer, Tomasz Urbanowicz (born in 1959 in Wrocław) is a Polish architect and a designer of artistic glass in architecture. He finished studies at the architecture department of the University of Technology in Tommi Thorvildsen, nicknamed ""Glutezilla"" for his glute development, is an IFBB Pro bodybuilder from Norway. At 5'10"" in height, he has a contest weight of 260 lbs (290 lbs off-season) and went on from Dr. Robert Hodge is an African-American, public health professional, publisher and lecturer, that has made his mark on local public health in the City of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. His contributions Stuart ""Stu"" Goldstein is a squash player from the United States. He was one of the leading hardball squash players in North America from the mid-1970s through the mid-1980s. Goldstein was formerly a is an independent member of the House of Representatives elected to the 11th District of Hokkaido, Japan. He is a former secretary to the Democratic Party of Japan (DPJ) Secretary-General Ichiro Ozawa. Russell P. Fradin is an American businessman. As of August 10, 2006, Fradin was named as Chairman and CEO of Hewitt Associates. This posting will be effective September 5, 2006. Previously he has served , (born October 12, 1959) is a Japanese music producer, guitarist and songwriter from Tokyo, Japan. He first became active in the Japanese rock scene in 1984 as the guitarist and primary songwriter for Ander Vilariño Facal (born November 6, 1979, Donostia) is a Spanish professional racecar driver who competed in several national formula championships from 1996 to 2004. Vilariño competed in karting events André Boniface (born August 14, 1934 in Montfort-en-Chalosse) is a former international rugby union player for France. His usual position was either on the wing or in the centres. His Test career for Stuart H. Singer is an American attorney, the managing partner of the Boies Schiller &amp; Flexner law firm's Fort Lauderdale, Florida office. He specializes in complex business litigation and represents André de Sousa Galiassi (August 22, 1980 in São Paulo) is a Brazilian footballer currently under contract for Romanian first league side CFR Cluj, he is on loan to Unirea Alba Iulia and plays centre b André Guignard is a Swiss engineer initially educated as a watchmaker. He is the creator of the mechanic of the Khepera, the S-bot and several other mobile robots. Working at the LAMI of the EPFL with Robert H. Ferrell (born 1921) is an American historian and author of several books on Harry S. Truman and the diplomatic history of the United States. He served in the U.S. Army Air Forces during the André Hennicke (born September 21, 1959) is a German actor. Hennicke was born in Johanngeorgenstadt in Saxony. He was awarded a German television award for his work in Toter Mann in 2002. He has appeared André Parizeau is a politician in the Canadian province of Quebec, who is currently the leader of the Parti communiste du Québec. A split followed a lengthy dispute between Parizeau and the Central Executive Andraž Vehovar (born 1 March 1972) is a Slovenian slalom canoer who competed in the mid to late 1990s. At the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta, he won a silver medal in the K-1 event. Vehovar's efforts Andrew Lambrou Charalambous is a London born, environmental activist and was the Conservative Candidate for the Edmonton parliamentary constituency in London in the UK General Election 2010. Founder and Robert G. Hoyland is a scholar and historian of the Middle East . He is the author of a number of very important works which document the medieval history of the Middle East. He is a former student of Lucía Graciela Matamoros Samudio(born December 8, 1984)(Ciudad de Panama) is a Panamanian model and beauty pageant queen. She was elected Miss Panamá international 2005 this gave her the opportunity to Lu Bin is a Chinese sprinter who specializes in the 100 metres. Lu represented China at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing. He competed at the 4x100 metres relay together with Hu Kai, Zhang Peimeng and Robert F. Almeder worked as an American Professor of Philosophy at Georgia State University until his retirement in 2005 and has written extensively on the Philosophy of Science, Epistemology, and Ethics. Robert Ellenstein (born June 18, 1923 in Newark, New Jersey) is an American film, television and theatre actor. The son of a Newark dentist, Robert Ellenstein grew up in that New Jersey city and saw his Andrew Younghusband (born December 14, 1971 in St. John's, Newfoundland) is a Canadian television personality, writer and journalist, best known for his most recent appearances as host of the reality Robert Emmet Brennan (born 1944) was an American businessman who built the infamous penny stock brokerage firm, First Jersey Securities. The firm specialized in promoting ""Pump and dump"" penny stocks Robert ""Bob"" Donnorummo is the Senior Research Associate and Associate Director of the Center for Russian and East European Studies at the Center for International Studies at the University of Pittsburgh. Robert (""Bob"") Castellini is an American businessman from Cincinnati, Ohio and on January 19, 2006 he became the Chief Executive Officer of the Cincinnati Reds, leading a group that purchased a majority A. Robert Calderbank is the dean of Natural Sciences and professor of Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, and Mathematics at Duke University, and a professor of Electrical Engineering, Mathematics Russell Wangersky is a Canadian journalist and short story writer. Born in New Haven, Connecticut and raised in Canada since the age of 3, Wangersky was educated at Acadia University. He is currently Robert A. Johnson (195?-present) is a rock and blues guitarist based in Memphis, Tennessee who is best known for his work in the 1970s. He is usually known professionally as ""Robert Johnson. "" He is no Suleiman Sharifi (1958-) is a Tajikistani artist. A Member of the Union of Artists of Tajikistan, his works are held in museums and private collections of Tajikistan, Russia, Europe and Asia. Tonino Sorrentino (born 12 March 1985 in Melito Irpino) is an Italian association footballer who plays for FC Südtirol. Sorrentino played a game in UEFA Cup for Parma in 2003-04 season, before left on Tony Stubblefield (born March 28, 1970) is an assistant men's basketball coach at the University of Cincinnati. He previously held the same job at New Mexico State University, where he also served as Anna Maxwell Martin (born May 1978), sometimes credited as Anna Maxwell-Martin, is a two-time BAFTA award-winning English actress who has won acclaim for her performances as Lyra in His Dark Materials Anne Kjersti Suvdal (born 1987) is a Norwegian team handball player who plays for the club Nordstrand IF. She was a selected to play for the Norway women's national handball team at the European championship Richard ""Von"" White is an abstract expressionist artist. Born Richard Elis Blair White, on the island of Jamaica in 1951, to a family of prominent businessmen and founders of the town Oracabessa. ""Von"" Lorenzo Buenaventura is the physical fitness coach at FC Barcelona. Previously he worked at Cadiz. Buenaventura has also worked at Valladolid, Espanyol, Atlético Madrid and for Argentina. He will be in Richard J. Shavelson is an educational psychologist who has published over 100 research articles and books in the fields of educational assessment, cognitive psychology, and science education. He is a Richard S. Hassan is a retired officer of the United States Air Force. He served as director of the Air Force Senior Leader Management Office in Crystal City, Virginia, overseeing career development for José António Caldas Oliveira is a Portuguese football manager who has mainly managed his boyhood club of SC Braga with the management of the first team, B team and the under 19 team. Caldas began his Ante Batinović is a football midfielder who plays for NK Hrvatski dragovoljac in the Croatian Druga HNL. He started his career in the football club Metković. When he was still a young player he was transferred Richard Nový (born April 3, 1937) is a Czech rower who competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1960 Summer Olympics and in the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born in Prague. In 1960 he was a crew member of the Ruth Carol Taylor (born 27 December 1931) was the first african-American airline stewardess (flight attendant) in the United States. Born in Boston, into a family of black, white, and Cherokee heritage, Anthony Van Engelen (born on November 20, 1978) is a professional skateboarder. Van Engelen was born in San Diego, California. He went pro with Alien Workshop as his deck sponsor in 1999 at the age of Richard Jankovich is a musician who operates under the names Pocket and Burnside Project. After 11 years in NYC and a 1.5-year stop in Portland, OR, Jankovich currently lives in Los Angeles, CA. Richard H. Neiman is the 43rd Superintendent of Banks for the State of New York. As such, he serves as the head of the New York State Banking Department. He was appointed by the Governor in March 2007. Thomas P. Gerrity is the former dean and Joseph J. Aresty Professor of Management at the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania. Prior to Wharton, he was the Chairman and CEO of Toshiaki Iwashiro (born December 11, 1977) is a Japanese manga artist. He is the creator of the manga series Psyren and Mieru Hito. His students are Ryūhei Tamura, the author of Beelzebub, and Naoya Matsumoto, Richard Garfinkle is an American writer of science fiction. He is best known as the author of Celestial Matters, a novel published by Tor Books, which was nominated for the Hugo Award and Nebula Award is a professional boxer from Japan. He was born in Kakogawa, Hyogo, Japan. Nishioka won his debut fight by first round KO in 1994. He has been called by a nickname Speed King after this in Japan. He won Richard ""Dick"" Dickerson is a native of Colorado who, following his discharge from the United States Army, settled in Southern California to begin a thirty-year career in law enforcement. In 1986, Dickerson Antje Jackelén, born June 4, 1955 in Herdecke, Germany, is the Bishop of Lund in Sweden. She was ordained a priest in the Church of Sweden in 1980 and became a doctor of Theology at Lund University in Antoine Vézina is a Québécois actor. A 2000 alumni of the Université du Québec à Montréal with a bachelor's degree in theater, Vézina has a strong improvisational theater background, having performed Richard D. Braatz is an American researcher, currently holding the Millennium Chair at the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign in the Department of Chemical and Biomolecular Engineering. Braatz is Thomas Mikal Ford (born June 15, 1962), known and credited also as Tommy Ford, is an American actor who is best known for his character Tommy Strawn in the sitcom Martin. He was born in Yonkers, New Y Richard A. D'Aveni is Professor of Strategic Management at the Tuck School of Business at Dartmouth College. Hanover, New Hampshire, USA He is the author of numerous articles in Harvard Business Review, Antonio Maria Costa was an Under-Secretary-General of the United Nations, appointed, from May 2002 until August 2010, to the positions of Executive Director of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime Richard Cockerill (born 16 December 1970) is a former English rugby union footballer who played as a hooker. Cockerill was born in Rugby. Joining Leicester Tigers, he established himself as the B of the Richard Childress (born September 21, 1945) is a former NASCAR driver and the current team owner of Richard Childress Racing (RCR) in the NASCAR Sprint Cup series. As a business entrepreneur, Childress Richard Chee Quee is a former first-class cricketer. Chee Quee is notable for being the second player of Chinese origin to play first-class cricket in Australia after Hunter Poon in 1923. A cult figure Thomas John Lancefield, born in Epsom on October 8th 1990, is an English cricketer who plays for Surrey, he is a left-handed bat and left arm spin bowler. Tom was educated at Whitgift School, 11-16 years Richard Crockett Edgley (born 6 February 1936) has been the first counselor in the presiding bishopric of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) since 27 December 1995. Edgley has Richard Bernstein is an American journalist, columnist, and author. He writes the Letter from America column for The International Herald Tribune. He was a book critic at The New York Times and a foreign Richard Adu-Bobie (12 January 1985) is a Canadian sprinter. He was an alternate for Canada's 4x100 metres relay team at the 2004 Summer Olympics. He was an alternate for the same team at the 2008 Summer Abu Sufian Ibrahim Ahmed Hamuda Bin Qumu is a citizen of Libya who was held in extrajudicial detention in the United States Guantanamo Bay detention camps, in Cuba. His Guantanamo Internment Serial Number Riccardo Zampagna (born November 15, 1974) is an Italian football striker who currently plays for Carrarese in Italy's Serie B. After spending most of his career in the lower leagues he finally debuted Riccardo Caraglia (born 22 January 1989) is an Italian professional footballer, who plays as a midfielder for Serie D club Oltrepò. He made his professional debut in the 2008–09 season for Pizzighetto Rhodanthe Lipsett OAM is an Australian midwife and author. Specializing in infant and maternal health, Lipsett was awarded a Medal in the Order of Australia in 1992 for her services to Australian women Arcot N. Veeraswamiis the current minister for electricity in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. He was born in Kuppadichatham village in Tamil Nadu on 21-April-1937. He has finished his school education Arif Karaoğlan (born 21 January 1986) is a Turkish-German footballer who plays for Borussia Neunkirchen. Karoglan spent a few years in the youth setup at Nottingham Forest, before returning to Germany Arindam Chakrabarti is a professor of philosophy at the University of Hawaii, where (as of 2010) he directed the Center for South Asian Studies. Chakrabarti obtained his BA in 1976 and his MA in 1978, Susan Birkenhead is an American lyricist. Birkenhead made her Broadway debut as one of a team of songwriters contributing to Working (1978), for which she received her first Tony Award nomination. Her Arjen van der Kieft (born May 17, 1985 in Zwanenburg) is a Dutch long-distance speed skater. He is set to compete for the Netherlands at the 2010 Winter Olympics in the Men's 10000 m. Armando Fredriksson is a Swedish bodybuilder . Most notable for competing in Swedish Championshipship of bodybuilding. He scored second place for male competers under 75 in Swedish Championship of bodybuilding Franc D'Ambrosio (born August 11, 1962 in Bronx, New York), is an American singer and actor, best known for his role in the stage version of Andrew Lloyd Webber's The Phantom of the Opera. He also played Marcin Trębacki is a Polish ice dancer. He previously competed with Paulina Urban, Dominika Polakowska, and Dominika Haaza. He is married to ice dancer Sylwia Nowak, with whom he has a son, Maksymilian, Arrigo Barnabé is a Brazilian musician and actor. His best-known record is perhaps the critically acclaimed ""Clara Crocodilo"". His music is best known for having a heavily experimental approach, in which Sebastian Giovinco (born January 26, 1987 in Turin) is an Italian footballer who plays for Serie A club Parma, on loan from Juventus. Giovinco is an attacking midfielder with noted dribbling and play-making Frances Hargreaves was a South African born actor who became famous in Australia in the 1970s through her long running role of Marilyn McDonald in soap opera Number 96. Prior to Number 96 she had acted Reuven Feuerstein (born August 21, 1921 in Botoşani, Romania) is an Israeli clinical, developmental, cognitive psychologist, renowned for his theory of intelligence which states “it is not ‘fixed’, but Sean Michael Lucas (born December 19, 1970) is senior minister at the First Presbyterian Church, Hattiesburg, Mississippi. Previously, he served as Chief Academic Officer and Associate Professor of Church Reuben Robert Joakim Sallmander is a Swedish actor and singer. He graduated from the Swedish National Academy of Mime and Acting in 1990 and has since acted in a wide array of theatre plays, films and Arthur ""Art"" W. Graham III, was the Director of Timing and Scoring for the Indianapolis 500 from 1978-97. A native of Columbus, IN, but a longtime resident of Brownsburg, IN, Graham Created the 1st fully Tracey McLauchlan (born August 18, 1979 in Oxford) is a table tennis player for New Zealand. At the 2002 Commonwealth Games she won a bronze medal in the women's team event. Stavros Fasoulas is one of the most famous Finnish game programmers in the late 1980s. He is mostly known as the designer and developer of the Commodore 64 games Sanxion, Delta and Quedex. The games were Francesca Vincenti was born in Malta July 1, 1965. She was Malta's leading female windsurfer for over a decade. She dominated the Maltese waters and held the National Championship title from 1983 - 1986 Svein Støle (born November 5, 1963) is a Norwegian businessperson and broker. After growing up in Mandal, he was educated in law and business administration. He worked for a period as a journalist for Sverrir Gudnason, born September 12 1978, is a Swedish actor with Icelandic origin. He starred in the 2007 television series Up to struggle. Gudnason moved with his family to Tyresö, Sweden in 1990 when Svetislav Perduv (born 8 March 1959) is a retired Yugoslav football defender. Perduv played club football for NK Olimpija Ljubljana and NK Čelik Zenica in the Yugoslav First League. He also played for Ashley Scott-Layton is a British Theatre Director, Writer and the artistic director of Ravenrock. Described as an ""unstoppable young director"" by Robert Hewison in The Sunday Times Scott-Layton was the Ashok Kumar Pradhan is an Indian politician. He stood for the 2004 Lok Sabha elections on the BJP ticket and is currently a Member of Parliament from Khurja. Ashok Pradhan is a former union minister of Scott Alan Sánchez Saunders (born January 18, 1959) is a Bolivian alpine skier who competed in the 1980 Winter Olympics and in the 1984 Winter Olympics. He was born in New York City, United States. In Scott MacGillivray (born 1957) is an American non-fiction author specializing in motion picture history. His book Laurel &amp; Hardy: From the Forties Forward, revised and expanded in 2009, chronicles Scott Allen ""Scotty"" Klopfenstein is an American musician and a member of the band Reel Big Fish. He plays trumpet, guitar, keyboard, and sings. Before joining Reel Big Fish, Klopfenstein was a member Svetlana Sergeyevna Zhurova (born 7 January 1972 in Pavlov-on-the-Neva) is a Russian speed skater. Svetlana Zhurova has been competing internationally since 1989 http://www. skateresults. com/tournament/result/5307, Tracy-Ann Oberman (born 25 August 1966) is an English television, theatre and radio actress, widely known for her role as Chrissie Watts in the BBC soap opera Eastenders. She is also an accomplished writer, Svetlin Ivanov Simeonov is a Bulgarian professional football player who currently plays for Dunav as a midfielder. He is a left attacking midfielder. Height - 1.82 m. Weight - 80 kg. He had previously Mario Renato Bartilotti Rodríguez is a Mexican actor. After enrolling in Televisa's Centro de Educación Artística (CEA), Renato Bartilotti began his career as an actor in the telenovela Mi Pequeña Traviesa, Richard Henry Czarnecki is a British-born Polish politician who is a Member of the European Parliament for the Lower Silesian and Opole constituency from Law and Justice. Prior to 2008, he was a member Maitipage Athula Rohitha Samarasekera (born August 5, 1961, Galle) is a former Sri Lankan cricketer who played four Tests and 39 ODIs between 1983 to 1994. Athula Samarasekera had his education at Mahinda Renate Dorrestein (born 25 January 1954 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch writer, journalist and feminist. She won the Annie Romein prize in 1993 for her complete body of work. She started working as a journalist Rena J. Mosteirin is a poet and fiction writer. She was chosen by Lydia Davis as the winner of the 2008 Kore Press Fiction Chapbook award for her story ""Nick Trail's Thumb"". She blogs poetry at White René Soetens (born 7 September 1948) was a member of the Canadian House of Commons from 1988 to 1993. His background was in business and sales. He was elected in the 1988 federal election at the Ontario René Mangold is a Swiss bobsledder who won competed in the late 1980s. He won a silver medal in the four-man event at the 1989 FIBT World Championships in Cortina d'Ampezzo. Francisco Cervelli is a Major League Baseball catcher for the New York Yankees. He was an international signee by the Yankees in 2003 and played in the 2009 World Baseball Classic for the Italian team. René Lussier (born April 15, 1957) is a musician based in the province of Québec, Canada. He is a composer, guitarist, bass guitarist, percussionist, bass clarinetist and singer. Lussier has collaborated Swapnil Asnodkar is an Indian first-class cricketer. He is a hard hitting right-handed opening batsman with a relatively short stature of around 5'5. He plays for Goa in first class cricket, and Rajasthan Silvia Farina Elia is a former female tennis player from Italy. She reached a career high of World No. 11 on 20 May 2002. She won her first ITF title at Caltagirone in 1991 and her first WTA tournament René Beuchel (born July 7, 1973 in Dresden) is a German former footballer. He is best known for two spells with Dynamo Dresden, the first beginning in 1992. He moved to Eintracht Frankfurt in 1995, and Augustine ""Willie"" Dominguez (born July 30, 1955) is a Democrat, and a former member of the Minnesota House of Representatives. He represented District 58B, which includes portions of downtown and north Austin H. Kiplinger (born September 19, 1918 in Washington, D.C. ) is a journalist and philanthropist who lives in Chevy Chase, Maryland. He is the son of W.M. Kiplinger, the founder of Kiplinger Washington Scarlett Johansson (born November 22, 1984) is an American actress and singer. Johansson made her film debut in the 1994 film North and was later nominated for the Independent Spirit Award for Best Female Eileen Napaltjarri (also known as Anyima or Nanyuma) (born 1956) is a Pintupi-speaking Indigenous artist from Australia's Western Desert region. Eileen began painting for Papunya Tula artists' cooperative Simone de Oliveira, (born 11 February 1938) is a Portuguese singer and actress. Simone was born and raised in Lisbon. Her Portuguese father had black African roots in São Tomé and Príncipe (then a Portuguese Sümeyra Kaya is a Turkish female boxer. She is a member of the Fenerbahçe SK club in Istanbul, Turkey. She participated at the 3rd World Women's Boxing Championship held between September 25 and October Dr. Thomas F. Collura, Ph.D. , PE (1952-) it is the president of BrainMaster Technologies, Incorporated located in Bedford, Ohio and is the current president of the International Society for Neurofeedback Sydney Shoemaker (born 1931) is an American philosopher. Until his retirement, he was a Susan Linn Sage Professor of Philosophy at Cornell University. He holds a PhD from Cornell and BA from Reed. In Syed Azeez Pasha a politician from Communist Party of India is presently a Member of the Parliament of India representing Andhra Pradesh in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament. Abdulaziz Al-Anberi (Born 3 January 1954) started his career as a Basketball &amp; Volleyball player but in 1976 he decided to play football, his favourite sport. He began playing for Al Kuwait as a youth Sylvain Freiholz (born November 23, 1974, Le Brassus) is a Swiss ski jumper who competed from 1991 to 2003. He won a bronze medal in the individual large hill event at the 1997 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships Travis Kyle Davis (born June 17, 1987) also credited as Travis Davis, is an American actor. He has been in several films such as: Jasper, Texas; Love Come Down; The Color of Friendship; and Mrs. Munck Aydın Örs (born on 1946 in Ankara) is a Turkish former basketball coach and current general manager of Fenerbahçe Ülker. He started to play basketball on 1963. He played for DSİ Spor and Sekerspor also Bård Martin Mikkelsen (born 31 May 1948) is a Norwegian businessperson. He has been the chief executive officer of Widerøe (1988–1997), the Ulstein Group (1997–1999), Oslo Energi Holding (1999–2001) and Franklyn Benjamin Gracesqui (born August 20, 1979 in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a free agent left-handed Major League Baseball pitcher. Gracesqui was drafted in the 21st round of the 1998 Major Abdul Nasser Madani also known as Abdul Nasser Maudani or simply Madani or Maudany (born 1965, Sasthamkotta, Kerala) is a Muslim political leader from Kerala, India. who has spent more than a decade in Saskia Rao-de Haas is a Dutch cellist based in Delhi, India. She is the first performer to adapt the cello to the performance of North Indian classical music and uses a specially constructed cello for Trent Wotherspoon is a Canadian politician. He was elected to represent the electoral district of Regina Rosemont in the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan in the 2007 election. He is a member of the Balwant Moreshwar Purandare (Born July 29, 1922, Pune), popularly known as Shivshahir Babasaheb Purandare is a historian, writer and theatre personality from Maharashtra, India. His works are mostly based S. Daniel Abraham is an American businessman who was born and raised in Long Beach, New York. He is frequently included in Forbes 400 list of the 400 wealthiest Americans, and is notable for his introduction Prince Badr bin Abdul Aziz (1933-), a member of Saudi Arabia's royal family, is Deputy Commander of the Saudi Arabian National Guard. Prince Badr participated in the Free Princes movement in 1962-1964 Lionello Manfredonia (born 27 November 1956 in Rome) is a former Italian footballer. During his club career, the central defender played for Lazio (1975–85), Juventus (1985–87) and Roma (1987–89). He Frans Lodewijk Johannis Tutuhatunewa (b. June 16 or 26, 1923, Batavia, Dutch East Indies) is the second president in exile of the Republic of the South Moluccas. He was preceded by Johan Manusama and Sarbananda Sonowal (born 31 October, 1962) is a member of the 14th Lok Sabha of India. He represents the Dibrugarh constituency of Assam and is a member of the Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) political party Sarah Pia Anderson (born 19 July 1952, St. Albans, England) is a television director. After a career in the theatre, her early television work included Prime Suspect 4: Inner Circles (1995), starring Abdul Aziz Randhawa (more commonly known as Mr. Randhawa) (born 1928 in Amritsar) was a former director of Accountant General Office (A.G. Office), Lahore, Pakistan. He was a renowned and much honored Linus Rönnqvist (born October 6, 1988) is a Swedish Bandy player who currently plays for Villa Lidköping BK. Linus signed for Hammarby from Sandvikens AIK, where he played for the under 19 side in the Sarah Jane Buckley (born 16 January 1968) is an actress and singer. She is also an ambassador for The Prince's Trust. She was well-known for playing Kathy Barnes in Hollyoaks from November 2005 to January Thomas Colapietro (born 1940) is a Democratic Connecticut State Senator representing Bristol, Plainville, Plymouth, and part of Harwinton. In February 2004, he made homophobic remarks for which he apologized Sarah Günther (born 25 January 1983 in Bremen) is a German football midfielder who currently plays for 1. FFC Frankfurt. She has also been capped for the German national team. Thomas Blackshear is an African American artist, many of whose paintings adorn Evangelical churches. He is also a sculpter and a designer of ornaments, often of African American themes. Blackshear designed Märta Margaretha af Ugglas née Stenbeck (born January 5, 1939) is a former Swedish Moderate Party politician. She was Minister for Foreign Affairs between 1991 and 1994. She is the daughter of Hugo Stenbeck, Linda M. Brzustowicz is a professor of genetics at Rutgers University and a member of the Motif BioSciences Scientific Advisory Board, whose main purpose is to develop technology that will benefit all Rebecca Whittaker is a politician in Manitoba, Canada. In the Canadian election of 2004, she was a candidate of the Marijuana Party in the riding of Kildonan—St. Paul, and received 290 votes (less than Rebecca Bluestone (born 1953) is an American artist and studio trained tapestry weaver currently residing in Santa Fe, New Mexico. She studied with Nancy Lubin of Western Maine Weavers and contemporary Barbara A. Robinson is an American politician who represents the 40th legislative district in the Maryland House of Delegates. http://www. msa. md. gov/msa/mdmanual/06hse/html/msa13601. html Robinson Barbara DeGenevieve is an interdisciplinary artist currently living in Chicago, who works in photography, video, and performance. She lectures widely on her work as well as subjects including human sexuality, Barbara L'Italien is an American politician from the state of Massachusetts. Since 2003 she has been a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives representing the 18th Essex – consisting Precincts Sandra Lewandowska (born 8 June 1977) is a Polish political figure who served in the national Parliament from September 2005 to October 2007, and whose high public profile is owed to her activities outside Sandie Lillingston (aka Sandra Lillingston) is an Australian actress active between 1984 and 1994. Lillingston appeared as a presenter in a short 1983 documentary One Last Chance on the probation system Liliana Rojas-Suarez (born c. 1954) is a Peruvian-born economist, specializing in financial regulatory policy and the impact of global capital flows on development, especially in Latin American countries. Liliana Năstase Alexandru (born August 1, 1962) is a retired Romanian heptathlete. She was born in Vânju Mare. She is best known for her gold medal at the 1993 World Indoor Championships. She also competed Barrington Somers Pheloung is an Australian composer, now living in England. He is one of the most prolific television and film composers in the UK, known for his wide range of compositional genres. Best On January 15, 2010, the Department of Defense complied with a court order and published a list of Captives held in the Bagram Theater Internment Facility that included the name Samiullah Jalatzai. There S. H. Nimal Kumar is the National Secretary of the Sri Lanka Red Cross. He was elected to chair the Disaster Management and Relief Committee of the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Fred von Bernewitz is a film editor, currently with HBO. His work in film editing over four decades ranges from TV commercials to features, including several Robert Downey, Sr. films. Interviewed in 2008 Abdelwahed 'Wahid' El-Sayed (born 3 June 1977) is a goalkeeper for El Zamalek and the Egyptian soccer team. He was also a part of Egypt's Africa Cup of Nations in 2002,2004,2006 and 2010. He is credited Bartosz Paluchowski (born June 20, 1989 in Oświęcim) is a Polish pair skater. With partner Malgorzata Lipinska, he placed 15th at the 2008-2009 Junior Grand Prix event in Ostrava, Czech Republic. With Tümer Metin (born October 14, 1974) is a Turkish international footballer. He is an attacking midfielder, and currently plays for Larissa. Metin was born in Zonguldak. After playing for four years at Abdelmajid Bouyboud (born 24 October 1966) is a Moroccan former football defender, who played for Belenenses in Portugal. He was included in the Moroccan squad in the 1994 FIFA World Cup. Raymond F. DuBois Jr. (born June 5, 1947 in Washington D.C. ) is a private consultant in national security and defense policy and also a Senior Adviser at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, (UH) Raymond A. Spicer, United States Navy is the former director of the White House Military Office and Deputy Assistant to the President. RADM Spicer reported as Deputy Assistant to the President and Sallyanne Atkinson AO (born 23 July 1942) is an Australian politician, former Lord Mayor of Brisbane and former chair of ABC Learning, a bankrupted Australian childcare operator. She is Special Representative Sally Shuttleworth is Head of the Humanities Division at Oxford. She was educated at York, Cambridge and Harvard, before teaching English at Princeton, Leeds and Sheffield. She has appeared on Woman's Fredrik Gunnarsson (born Hans Göte Fredrik Gunnarsson, September 4, 1965 in Oxelösund) is a Swedish actor. He is best known for playing the character Svartman in a series of television films based on Raquel Brailowsky-Cabrera is a social anthropologist and Professor of Anthropology and Sociology at the Interamerican University of Puerto Rico, San Germán Campus.. Born in Asunción, Paraguay, she came Tsoloane Mosakeng (born 5 March 1977) is a Lesothan footballer who currently plays as a midfielder for Majantja Outhing. He has won three caps for the Lesotho national football team since 2008. Randy Wayne White is an American writer of crime fiction and non-fiction adventure tales. He has written New York Times best-selling novels and has received awards for his fiction and a television documentary. (born December 20, 1969) is a Japanese nordic combined skier who competed from 1994 to 1998. He won the 4 x 5 km team event at the 1995 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships in Thunder Bay, Ontario. Ogiwara's Randi Thorvaldsen (born 4 March 1925) is a former Norwegian speedskater, silver medalist from the allround World Championship, and a previous World Record holder in 1,500 metres. She was the dominating Tsutomu Wakamatsu (born April 17, 1947 in Hokkaidō) was a Japanese baseball player, coach, and manager for the Yakult Swallows in Nippon Professional Baseball. He batted left-handed, and threw right-handed. Abdelhakim Elouaari (born September 4, 1980 in Charleville-Mézières) is a French professional football player. Currently, he plays in the Championnat de France amateur for FC Libourne-Saint-Seurin. He is a retired Japanese football (soccer) player. He was a midfielder known for his tireless work load and was capped 58 times for Japan. He is currently working on television as a football commentator. Randall L. Schweller is Full Professor of Political Science at The Ohio State University, where he has taught since 1994. He received his PhD from Columbia University in 1993 and served as an Olin Fellow Randall Dougherty (born 1961) has made contributions in widely varying areas of mathematics, including set theory, logic, real analysis, discrete mathematics, computational geometry, information theory Abdelaziz Belkhadem (born November 8, 1945) is an Algerian politician who served as Prime Minister of Algeria from 2006 to 2008. He is the Secretary-General of the National Liberation Front (FLN). Belkhadem Sadiq Jalal Al-Azm is a Professor Emeritus of Modern European Philosophy at the University of Damascus in Syria. He has been a visiting professor in the department of Near Eastern Studies at Princeton Benjamín Mosco (born 9 February 1985) is a Mexican football player. He currently plays as a defender for Correcaminos UAT in the Liga de Ascenso. He started his career for Pumas UNAM. He joined the Pumas Benjaminas Viluckis (born March 20, 1961) is a retired male hammer thrower from Lithuania, who competed for his native country at the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona, Spain. He set his personal best Rainer Küchl was born in Waidhofen an der Ybbs, Austria, in August 1950. He started to play the violin at the age of 11, and was admitted to the University of Music and Performing Arts, Vienna, at the Raimonds Staprans is a well-known artist and playwright both in the United States and his native Latvia. Staprans was born in 1926 in Riga, Latvia. He now lives in San Francisco, California with his wife, Benoît Cheyrou (born 3 May 1981 in Suresnes) is a French football player who currently plays for Olympique de Marseille in Ligue 1. He plays as a central midfielder and often acts as a deep-lying playmaker Benoît Joachim (born 14 January 1976 in Luxembourg City) is a professional road racing cyclist from Luxembourg. Joachim started his professional career at the age of 18 for a small Italian cycling team, Leonardo Del Vecchio is the founder and chairman of Luxottica, a $3 billion (sales) designer and manufacturer of high-quality eyeglass frames. The firm owns the Sunglass Hut and Lenscrafters chains with Margrietha Voskuilen (born 5 September 1960) is a Dutch curler from the Curling Club Utrecht. She currently plays third for the Dutch national team. She made her international debut in 1995 as a lead Bernard Reynès (born October 18. 1953) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Bouches-du-Rhône department, and is a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. Bertil Näslund (born 4 April 1933) is a Swedish economist, currently emeritus professor at Handelshögskolan i Stockholm (Stockholm School of Economics). Näslund is a member of the Royal Swedish Academy Raffi Indjejikian (BComm, MBA, PhD) is the Robert L. Dixon Collegiate Professor of Accounting at the Stephen M. Ross School of Business at the University of Michigan. His research is primarily focussed Bertram van Munster is the co-creator of co-executive producer of The Amazing Race. He is also the creator of Wild Things, Profiles from the Front Line and was the Executive Producer on Oprah's Big Gi Radoje Dedić is a Serbian - American graphic artist and designer. He is a co founder of informal art group Arthur Filtz from Serbia. Together with the group 2006 he presented new approach in animation Sabrina Quagliozzi is a business news anchor for Bloomberg TV. Based in New York since 2004, she covers American markets for their French network, Bloomberg TV France. She anchors the closing bell show Takashi Hirayasu is an Okinawan musician. He has released a number of albums, and is known in the United States particularly for his collaborations with Bob Brozman. He was also a member of Champloose Bettina Müller (born July 24, 1952) is an East German sprint canoer who competed in the early to mid 1970s. She won two medals in the K-4 500 m event at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a Sione Teisina Fuko is a Tongan politician and Member of the Tongan Parliament for the island of Ha'apai. He is a member of the People's Democratic Party. Fuko was first elected to Parliament in 2002. is a Japanese manga artist who writes primarily martial-arts manga celebrating individuality. He is best known for the judo series Hanamaru Legend and its sequel New Hanamaru Legend. He received the 1986 Aaron Louis Tordini is an American author born in Daytona Beach, Florida on June 21, 1971. He is the author of the Southern Gothic novella, Things That Hang from Trees, which takes place in St. Augustine, Lennart Stekelenburg (born October 22, 1986) is a Dutch swimmer who is specialized in breaststroke. He is the current national recordholder in the 50 m and 100 m breaststroke at the long course. Radha Mohan Singh is a member of Lok Sabha, the lower house of the Parliament of India, from Bihar, India. He is a leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party and was president of state unit of the party from Raúl Vilches More (born October 2, 1954) is a Cuban former volleyball player who competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics. In 1976 he was part of the Cuban team which won the Raúl Alfredo Noriega (nicknamed ""Pavo"", born 4 January 1970 in Guayaquil) is a former Ecuadorian international football player who made 27 appearances for the Ecuador national team between 1988 and 1997. Rüdiger Gamm (born July 10, 1971) is a German ""mental calculator"". He attained his ability to calculate (memorize most of the time) complex mathematics in his head at the age of 21. As well, he can also Maria Jeyarani David (born 1951) also known as Maria S.M. Jeyarani in the United States is an ordained Christian missionary and founder of Trizoom International Mission Inc in Ohio with bases around the Talal El Merhebi, born in the end of 1946, is the son of Khaled Beik Abdulkader El Merhebi, politician and leader in the North Lebanon district of Akkar (Deputy of Akkar since 1934). Khaled Beik had eight Quinton Antoine ""True QAM"" McCracken is a former Major League Baseball outfielder. He was the Tampa Bay Devil Rays franchise's first center fielder and batter on March 31, 1998. He is a 1992 graduate S. B. S. Abayakoon is the Vice-Chancellor of University of Peradeniya, Sri Lanka. Prior to that, he was a professor of Civil Engineering, at Faculty of Engineering, University of Peradeniya. He was appointed Tamaki Nakanishi (仲西環 Nakanishi Tamaki) is a seiyū who was born on February 13, 1976 in Urasoe, Okinawa. Her blood type is A and she is affiliated with 81 Produce. Bjørg Mikalsen (born 8 February 1945) is a Norwegian politician for the Liberal Party. She served as a deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Sogn og Fjordane during the term 2005&ndas Sérsi Bardari is a Brazilian writer. He was born in São Paulo city, state of São Paulo, in 1954. His first book is called O cigano de Itaparica and which wrote in 1983. That book won the prize of Associação Tamarick Vanover (born February 25, 1974 in Tallahassee, Florida), is a former professional American football player in the NFL and CFL. Vanover spent two seasons at Florida State University, where he Séamus Murphy is a retired Irish hurling manager and former player. He played hurling with his local club Rathnure and with the Wexford senior inter-county team in the 1970s and 1980s. Séamus Looney is an Irish retired sportsperson. A dual player at the highest levels, he played hurling and Gaelic football with his local club St. Finbarr's and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county Séamus ""Sé"" O'Hanlon also known as Shay O'Hanlon is a former Irish amateur road racing cyclist. He was a top amateur in Ireland in the 1960s and 1970s, winning the Rás Tailteann stage race in 1962, 1965, Maria Liberia Peters (born May 20, 1941) was the Prime Minister of the Netherlands Antilles from 1984 to 1986 and from 1988 to 1994. Born Maria Peters in Willemstad, Curaçao, Netherlands Antilles, she Ryszard Szurkowski (born January 12, 1946 in Świebodów) is a retired road bicycle racer from Poland. He won twice Olympic silver medal in team time trial at Munich 1972 and Montreal 1976. Szurkowski won Rutherford ""Ruddy"" Cravens is an American TV movies and series actor, whose filmography also includes some theatrical movies like RoboCop 2, Friday Night Lights, Ray, and No Country for Old Men. His work Tanin Kraivixien was the prime minister of Thailand between 1976 and 1977. Tanin is the son of Hae and Pa-ob Kraivixien, and is of Chinese-Thai descent. Tanin studied law atThammasat University in Bangkok. Theresa Andersson (born 1972, Gotland, Sweden) is a singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. She came to New Orleans in 1990 to play violin with fellow singer-songwriter and Swede, Anders Osborne. Tanjareen Martin (born May 30, 1979) is an American actress, producer, and radio personality. She was born and raised in Inglewood, CA. Her television credits include: Curb Your Enthusiasm, Days of our Tarek El Aissami is a Venezuelan politician. As of 2009, he is the interior minister and justice minister of Venezuela. He was previously deputy minister in the same ministry, and a member of the National Tariq Kamal Khan, NI(M) is a four star rank naval officer who served as the former Chief of Naval Staff (CNS) who commanded Pakistan Navy from 1983 to 1986. He is a recipient of Nishan-i-Imtiaz (Military), Stanley Robinson (born July 14, 1988) is an American basketball player with the Orlando Magic of the National Basketball Association. Robinson was drafted by the Orlando Magic with the 59th overall pick Bonnie Korzeniowski (born October 5, 1941) is a politician in Manitoba, Canada. She is currently a member of the Manitoba legislature. Korzeniowski was both in Winnipeg, Manitoba, and holds Bachelor of Tarun Mansukhani is a Bollywood director and writer. His most popular film to date would be Dostana produced by Karan Johar starring Abhishek Bachchan, John Abraham and Priyanka Chopra. He also directed Laura Shapiro Kramer (born July 27, 1948) is a U.S. author, producer and film maker. Born and raised in Boston, Massachusetts, Shapiro Kramer left New England to attend the University of Wisconsin–Madison Laura Hernández Pérez (born ca. 1972) is a Puerto Rican actress and journalist best known for being jailed in the Dominican Republic after being accused of drug trafficking with her husband and five other Justice Ruby Kless Sondock was the first woman to serve on the Texas Supreme Court. Valedictorian of her class (1962) at the University of Houston Law Center, Justice Sondock was also the first woman Boudewijn Bouckaert (born 21 July 1947, Ghent) is a Belgian law professor, a member of the Flemish Movement, and a libertarian conservative thinker and politician. He currently chairs the academic board Sabrina A. Parisi (born in Italy, April 10, 1980) is a is an Italian-American celebutante, television personality, socialite, bestselling author, columnist, actress, model, businesswoman, champion breeder, A Guy Called Gerald is the stage name for the musician, record producer and DJ Gerald Simpson. He is perhaps best known for his early work in the Manchester acid house scene in the late 1980s and the Tatiana Anatolyevna Tarasova is a Russian figure skating coach and national figure skating team adviser. Tarasova has been coach to more world and Olympic champions than any other coach in skating history. Stanley K. Cheng is the CEO of Meyer Corporation and Director of Meyer Manufacturing Co. Ltd. , he is considered an innovator of cookware design with his development of the Circulon and Anolon lines of Rosario Costantino (born February 6, 1988 in Palermo) is an Italian professional football player currently playing for Lega Pro Seconda Divisione team A.C. Monopoli on loan from U.S. Città di Palermo. Lars-Christian Brask (born 1963) is a Danish investment banker. He is the previous founder and owner of investment bank boutique Brask &amp; Company in London, which was sold to Kaupthing Bank in 2003, General Rookmangud Katawal is the ex-Chief of Army Staff of the Nepali Army. He received military training in Nepal, India, Pakistan, the United States and the United Kingdom. In 1988 he became the Chief Sabrina Malheiros is a Brazilian MPB singer/songwriter. Her music has been described as ""nu bossa"", combining house beats with jazz and samba influences and ""cool, detached-sounding vocals"", and critics Sachinandana Swami is a Gaudiya Vaishnava guru, sannyasi, and one of the religious leaders of the International Society for Krishna Consciousness (commonly known as the Hare Krishnas or ISKCON). Of German Brent M. Longnecker (born May 22, 1956) is an author and CEO of Longnecker and Associates, a management consulting firm based out of Houston, Texas. He has published books with both WorldatWork and CCH Brian F. G. Johnson (born 11 September 1938 - Northampton UK) is a British scientist and former professor of chemistry at Cambridge University. He was the former Master of Fitzwilliam College, Cambridge Brigitte Vernaillen (born April 6, 1958) is a Belgian sprint canoer who competed in the late 1970s. She was eliminated in the repechages of the K-1 500 m event at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal. Stanley Joseph Dziedzic, Jr. (born April 5, 1949) was an American wrestler who was a member of The New York Athletic Club. He is in NYAC Hall of Fame. At the 1976 Summer Olympics, he earned a bronze medal Douglas R. A. Hare is a naturalized American professor and writer. He was born March 22, 1929, in Simcoe, Ontario. Douglas R. A. Hare is the author of many books, articles and essays concerned with both Bruce R. Ellingwood is an American civil engineer and a Distinguished Professor in the School of Civil and Environmental Engineering at the Georgia Institute of Technology. He is a member of the National Ekaterina Vaganova (born on January 9, 1988) is the World champion on the Ballroom and Latin American dances. She was two-time Champion of Russia, four-time Champion of Italy, two-time vice-champion of Rolf Sørensen (born 20 April 1965) is a former Danish professional road bicycle racer. He is the most successful Danish bicycle racer ever, with his 53 victories over 17 seasons. He is currently working Roland Paulze d'Ivoy de la Poype (born July 28, 1920 in Les Pradeaux in France) is a World War II fighter ace, member of the Normandie-Niemen fighter group that fought on the Soviet front. He is also Ekwow Spio-Garbrah (born 1953) is a Ghanaian businessman, diplomat and politician. He is CEO of the Commonwealth Telecommunications Organisation (CTO) based in London. He is one of Africa's pre-eminent Theodore W. Jennings is an American scholar, theologian and author. Jennings is Professor of Biblical and Constructive Theology at Chicago Theological Seminary, where he has previously served as Acting Saeed Azarbayjani (born on January 17, 1975 in Iran) is a male freestyle wrestler from Canada. He participated in Men's freestyle 60 kg at 2008 Summer Olympics. In the 1/8 of final he beat Armenian Martin Buddy Deppenschmidt is an American jazz drummer. He recorded with Stan Getz, Charlie Byrd and Bill Reichenbach. Their album Jazz Samba, recorded live on February 13, 1962, started a craze in North America Saffron Henderson (born September 25, 1965) is a Canadian voice actress and singer and the daughter of Bill Henderson of Chilliwack fame. She has voiced various characters from anime series. She is usually Teodor Anghelini, (born March 9, 1954 in Braşov), is a retired Romanian football player and coach. Anghelini played for FC Braşov between 1971 and 1974, before joining Steaua Bucureşti where he played Teodora Kolarova (born May 29, 1981) is a Bulgarian middle distance runner. She finished 6th in the 800m final at the 2006 European Athletics Championships in Gothenburg, setting a personal best time Stephan Maurice Sullivan Jr. (born August 3, 1987) better known as his stage name Priceless the Kid (or PTK) is an American rap artist, song writer and singer. In 2010 he released a project titled 'Diamond Preslaysa Edwards (born on June 11, 1979 in New Brunswick, New Jersey) is an American actress best known for playing Cindy Ornette on Nickelodeon's The Mystery Files of Shelby Woo, which aired from 1996 Roger Wittevrongel is a Belgian painter, draughtsman and graphic artist, representative of the hyperrealism. Wittevrongel got his education in Ghent where he combined his studies at the Royal Academy Salim Ahmed Salim a Tanzanian diplomat who has worked in the international diplomatic arena since the early 1960s. Salim is married to Amne and they have three children: Maryam, Ali and Ahmed. Prem Kumar Dhumal (born 1944) is the current Chief Minister of Himachal Pradesh. He was sworn in on 30 December 2007. He was earlier the chief minister of Himachal Pradesh from March 1998 to March 2003. Roger De Vlaeminck (born 24 August 1947) is a Belgian former professional racing cyclist. He was described by Rik Van Looy as '""The most talented and the only real classics rider of his generation"". Nicknamed Terence Sinapati is an American Samoa national team player who also plays for Pansa East as a midfielder. Sinapati was captain for American Samoa's 2010 FIFA World Cup qualifying campaign, playing in Teresa Gallagher is a British actress known for her role as Ellen Smith in The Bill and the voices of Emily, Mavis, Rosie, Duchess of Boxford and other female characters from the first CGI Thomas and Marie-Nicole Lemieux (born June 26, 1975) is a Canadian contralto. She first came to the world's attention in 2000 when she became the first Canadian to win first prize at the Queen Elisabeth International Camilla Di Giuseppe is the 11:30 late night anchor for CTV Calgary. She joined the newsroom in December 2006 as an anchor/reporter. Before that she worked as a reporter and anchor for CKY in Winnipeg, Lois Dorothea Low was a British writer of romance novels from 1962 to 1983 under different pseudonyms Dorothy Mackie Low, Lois Paxton, and Zoë Cass. She was the fifth elected Chairman (1969-1971) of the Rodolfo Francisco Acuña, Ph.D. , (born May 18, 1932). His mother Alicia Elías was from Sonora, and his father from Cocula, Jalisco. He is an historian, professor emeritus, and one of various scholars Terrence Rønnestad Oglesby (born March 12, 1988) is an American-Norwegian professional basketball player. He is a shooting guard for the Italian Lega A team NSB Napoli. Before moving to Europe to play Rodica Maria Şerban, née Florea (born 26 May 1983) is a Romanian rower. She achieved success in women's eight, where she won a gold medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics, bronze at the 2008 Summer Olympics Terry Stembridge, Sr. is an American basketball broadcaster. Stembridge grew up in Kilgore, Texas but his family moved to Yazoo City, Mississippi for his high school years. When the American Basketball Roderick Salisbury is an archaeologist and IGERT Fellow in GI Science at the University at Buffalo, The State University of New York. Research interests include the social construction of landscape, social Tetsuya Ichimura (一村 哲也, Ichimura Tetsuya, born 1930) is a Japanese photographer noted for his photographs of nudes. Ichimura was born, with the family name Hamaguchi, in Nagasaki on 10 June 1930. As Léonel Beaudoin is a former Canadian politician and insurance agent. He was elected to the Canadian House of Commons in the 1968 federal election as a Member of the Ralliement Créditiste to represent Salimata Sawadogo is the President of the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights. She is also a magistrate, and (as of 2006), the ambassador of Burkina Faso to Senegal, Mauritania, Guinea, Cape Sally-Ann Roberts is an anchorwoman for WWL-TV in New Orleans, Louisiana. She has been part of the news team since March 1977 and has co-anchored the ""Eyewitness Morning News"" with Eric Paulsen for over Robin Ejsmond-Frey (born 14 March 1986) is a British rower Born in Hammersmith, London, Ejsmond-Frey was educated at St Paul’s School, in Barnes, where he learnt to row. As a junior rower, he won a coxed , Robin Atkin Downes is an English actor who is one of the most prolific voice-over actors in Los Angeles. He is well known for his work in film, television and voice acting. He is best known for playing Kulbhushan Kharbanda is an Indian actor who debuted as Shakal in Shaan (film) inspired by the character of Blofeld from James Bond movies. He later appeared in all three parts of Deepa Mehta's Elements Jakub Władysław Wojewódzki known as Kuba Wojewódzki is a Polish journalist, TV personality, drummer and comedian. Kuba Wojewódzki was a judge on the Polish Idol. He also was the Polish representative Robert Vallée is a French cyberneticist and mathematician. Professor emeritus at the Paris 13 University (University of Paris-Nord) and president of the World Organization of Systems and Cybernetics (WOSC), Dorothee Munyaneza is a young Rwandan singer who gained worldwide exposure following her film music debut on the soundtrack of the 2004 feature film ""Hotel Rwanda"" and her subsequent collaboration with Carlos De León, also known as ""Sugar"" De Leon, (born May 3, 1959) is a Puerto Rican former boxer who made history by becoming the first Cruiserweight to win the world title twice.   Subsequently, he kept Carmen Giannattasio (b. Avellino, April 24, 1975)is an operatic Italian soprano. Her encounter with music happens at the age of two while she is attending kindergarten at the Convent of the order of Carmelites Carmen Vázquez is an activist, writer and community intellectual. Currently, she is the Coordinator of the LGBT Health &amp; Human Services Unit for the NYS AIDS Institute. She is the former Deputy Executive Robert R. McCammon (born July 17, 1952) is an American novelist from Birmingham, Alabama. His parents are Jack, a musician, and Barbara Bundy McCammon. After his parents' divorce, McCammon lived with Robert Newton Peck (age 82) is an American author who writes young adult novels. His works include Soup and A Day No Pigs Would Die. He claims his birth date as February 17, 1928, but refused to specify Krzysztof Kononowicz (born January 21, 1963 in Kętrzyn) was a candidate for the office of mayor of Białystok the 2006 local elections in Poland. He attracted some notoriety for his purposely unsophisticated Carol Ann Tomlinson is an American educator, author and speaker. She is best known for her innovative work with Differentiated instruction education techniques. Tomlinson is a reviewer for eight journals Krisztián Berki (born March 18, 1985 in Budapest) is a Hungarian artistic gymnast. He is a pommel horse specialist. He is the 2007 World silver medalist and the 2005, 2007, 2008 &amp; 2009 European Champion Mariusz Zbigniew Pudzianowski (born on February 7, 1977 in Biała Rawska) is a Polish former gym instructor who is a strongman and mixed martial artist. His nickname in Poland is ""Pudzian"" (which in English Carol Elizabeth Moseley Braun (born August 16, 1947) is an American politician and lawyer who represented Illinois in the United States Senate from 1993 to 1999. She was the first and, as of 2010, the Kristoffer Berntsson (born July 13, 1982 in Gothenburg) is a Swedish figure skater. He is an eight-time (2000-2001, 2004-2005, 2007-2010) Swedish national champion and the five-time (2002-2005, 2007) Urs Flühmann is a Swiss orienteering competitor. He is two times Relay World Champion, as a member of the Swiss winning teams in 1991 and 1993, as well as having a silver medal from 1987 and a bronze Caroline St-Hilaire is a Canadian politician, currently serving as Mayor of Longueuil under the banner of Action Longueuil as of 10 November 2009. She was previously a Member of Parliament, representing Ursula (""Ulla"") Thielemann (born January 9, 1960) was a field hockey international from West Germany, who won the silver medal with her national squad at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. Caroline Waldegrave, Baroness Waldegrave of North Hill, OBE (born 14 August 1952) is managing director of Leiths School of Food and Wine. Waledgrave was principal of Leiths from 1975 to 2002. She has Not to be confused with Robert Livingston. Robert ""Rob"" Livingstone (born October 10, 1967, Toronto, Ontario, Canada) is the creator and Producer of GamesBids. com, the original and only publication that Robert James ""Bob"" Eaton (born February, 1940) is a U.S. automobile businessman. Eaton was born in Buena Vista, Colorado and grew up in Arkansas City, Kansas. He graduated with a B.S. degree in mechanical Pooran Farrokhzad or Puran Farokhzad is an Iranian poet. She is author of Encyclopedia of Women Culture Makers in Iran and in the World. Forough Farrokhzad, the late revered poet, and Fereydoun Farrokhzad Stacey Arceneaux (born Robert L. Stacey on February 17, 1936 in New York City, New York) is a retired American basketball player. He played collegiately for the Iowa State University. According to professional Kristian Wåhlin is a Swedish musician, graphic designer, and album cover artist for many bands in the extreme metal scene worldwide. He is often credited under his pseudonym, Necrolord. Wåhlin's interest Kristen Kyrre Bremer (born 12 July 1925) is a Norwegian bishop. He was born in Tana. He served as vicar in Bardu from 1965, dean in Senja from 1969, bishop of the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland from 1972 Metropolitan Korniliy, secular name Konstantin Ivanovich Titov; born on August 1, 1946, in Orekhovo-Zuyevo, Moscow Oblast, Soviet Union is a Russian Orthodox Old-Rite Church bishop; Metropolitan of Moscow Robert J. Zydenbos is a Dutch-Canadian scholar who has doctorate degrees in Indian philosophy and Dravidian studies. He also has a doctorate of literature from the University of Utrecht in the Netherlands. Robert (aka ""Bob"") Chassell was one of the founding directors of Free Software Foundation (FSF) in 1985. While on the Board of Directors, Chassell was also the treasurer for FSF. He left the FSF to become Catherine Terracini is an Australian Actress born in Lake Como, Italy. She is the daughter of Opera Singer Lyndon Terracini and Arts Administrator Elizabeth Terracini. Catherine is a graduate of the acclaimed Elīna Babkina (born April 24, 1989 in Riga) is a Latvian women's basketball player currently playing for Lotos VBW Clima Gdynia and Latvia women's national basketball team. Babkina was already offered Konstantin Shcharbak is a Belarusian sprint canoer who has been competing since 2005. He won four medals at the ICF Canoe Sprint World Championships with a gold, two silvers, and one bronze . Shri V. Hanumantha Rao (aka VHR, Hanumantha Rao Vuthpala) a politician from Indian National Congress party is presently a Member of the Parliament of India representing Andhra Pradesh in the Rajya Sabha, Cecilia Suárez (born November 22, 1971) is a Ariel Award and Emmy International nominated Mexican actress who has played roles in a number of mostly Spanish language films and television series since Robert Clyde ""Bob"" Springer (born May 21, 1942) was an American astronaut during the early years of NASA's Space Shuttle program. Springer logged over 237 hours in space and 4,500 hours flying time, including Konstantin Valeryevich Kovalenko is a Belarusian professional footballer. He made his professional debut in the Soviet Second League in 1991 for FC Kuban Barannikovsky. He played 1 game in the UEFA Cup Mark B. Gerstein is an American scientist working in bioinformatics. As of 2009, he is co-director of the Yale Computational Biology and Bioinformatics program, and Albert L. Williams Professor of Biomedical Konstadinos (""Kostas"") Baniotis is a Greek high jumper. He finished sixth at the 2009 European Indoor Championships, sixth at the 2009 European Team Championships (Super League) and seventh at the 2009 Robert Amirkhanyan (born in November 16, 1939 in Yerevan) is an Armenian composer and songwriter. Professor of Yerevan State Conservatory. In 1969 he graduated from the Composer department of Yerevan Samantha Dorrance is a British actor and dancer from Willenhall in the West Midlands who reached fame on Disney Channel UK. She can currently be seen presenting My School Musical, similar to a competition Mark E. Ferguson III, USN is the 55 and current Chief of Naval Personnel (CNP), and he also concurrently serves as the 1 Deputy Chief of Naval Operations (Total Force). He previously served as Chief of Sladjana Matejevic (born July 1974), or also written Slađana Matejević and Слађана Матејевић, is one of the younger painters and writers from Austria. Matejevic has made over 400 paintings. Her new multimedia Chandrajit Banerjee, born on 22 August 1962, is the Director General of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII),. Mr Banerjee has served CII in various locations as the Head of State and regional offices Charles B. Kornmann (born 1937) is a United States federal judge. Born in Watertown, South Dakota, Kornmann received a B.A. from College of St. Thomas in 1959 and an LL.B. from Georgetown University Law Charles Butterworth, Ph.D. (born 1938) is a noted philosopher of the Straussian school and currently a professor of political philosophy at the University of Maryland, College Park. Butterworth is also Charles C. Campbell (Born November 16, 1968 in Houston, Texas) is an American ADR Director, Recording engineer, and voice actor for ADV Films and Funimation Entertainment. He provides voices for a number Podsie O'Mahony is an Irish sportsperson. He plays Gaelic football with his local club Ballincollig and was a member of the Cork senior inter-county team from the 1990s until the 2000s. Donnell Washington (born February 6, 1981) in Beaufort, South Carolina is an American football defensive tackle. He was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the 2004 NFL Draft but never played a season Charles William Duncan, Jr. (born September 9, 1926) is an American entrepreneur, administrator, and statesman best known for serving as U.S. Secretary of Energy on the Cabinet of President Jimmy Carter Donna Franceschild is a British-based television writer and dramatist, originally from the US. She has written many plays and television shows, but her best known work is probably the BBC series Takin' Vaino Väljas (born March 28, 1931) was Chairman of the 6th Supreme Soviet of the Estonian SSR from April 18, 1963 to March 19, 1967, first secretary of communist party of Estonian Soviet Socialist Republic Roar Grønvold (born 19 March 1946) is a former speed skater from Norway. Grønvold had his best year in 1972 when he became Norwegian Allround Champion and won silver at the Norwegian Sprint Championships. Charles H. Coolidge (born August 4, 1921) is a former United States Army soldier and a recipient of the United States military's highest decoration—the Medal of Honor—for his actions in World War II. Rear Admiral (Upper Half) Charles H. Johnston, United States Navy, was appointed Vice Commander of the Naval Air Systems Command, at NAS Patuxent River, Maryland in December 2001. Johnston grew up in Rita Skjærvik (born 13 March 1974) is a Norwegian politician for the Labour Party. She started her political career in the Workers' Youth League, as deputy leader of that organization in Sør-Trøndelag, Klaus-Dieter Lehmann (born 29 February 1940 in Wrocław) is a German librarian and president of the Goethe-Institut since April 2008. In 1988 he became director of the Deutsche Bibliothek, Frankfurt, the Samuel D. Guttenplan (born July 26, 1944 in New York City) is a professor in philosophy at Birkbeck, University of London. Guttenplan earned his DPhil from the University of Oxford with a dissertation Mark Francis Schmitt (February 14, 1923-) was the tenth Roman Catholic bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Marquette, in Marquette, Michigan. Born in Algoma, Wisconsin, he was ordained to the Roman Mark Lindsay Chapman (born 8 September 1954 in London) is an English film and television actor. His credits include: Max Headroom, Dallas (as Brett Lomax), Falcon Crest (as Charley St. James), Baywatch, Donald J. Hall Jr. ,is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Hallmark Cards, and a director of Crown Media Holdings, a member of the board of directors of Hallmark Entertainment Holdings and of Elżbieta Kruk (born November 19, 1959 in Lublin) is a Polish politician, a member of Prawo i Sprawiedliwość (national conservative political party in Poland). She was elected to Sejm on September 25, Charlotte Pomerantz is a children's book author. Her 1975 story The Princess and the Admiral won a Jane Addams Children's Book Awards. Pomerantz's story The Piggy In The Puddle was featured October 13, Rikke Rønholt (born January 1, 1976) is a Danish athlete. She is a part of Sparta Athletics team. She started doing athletics when she was 12 years old. Back then she participated in events from 60 metres Richard Jay Zeckhauser (born 1940) is an American economist and the Frank P. Ramsey Professor of Political Economy at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. He holds a BA and a PhD in Valentin Grigoriyevich Rasputin (born March 15, 1937) is a Russian writer. He was born and lived much of his life in the Irkutsk Oblast in Eastern Siberia. Rasputin's works depict rootless urban characters Kléber Mesquida (born August 3, 1945) is a member of the National Assembly of France. He represents the Hérault department, and is a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche. Richard T. Johnson, M.D. , is a physician and scientist at the Johns Hopkins University School of Medicine. Johnson has been a faculty member in the Department of Neurology since its inception in 1969 Ambassador Richard T. ""Dick"" Crowder served as Chief Agricultural Negotiator in the Office of the United States Trade Representative and as Under Secretary of Agriculture for International Affairs and Richard N. Rosecrance (born 1930) is an American economist, historian and political scientist. His research and teaching is focussed on international relations, in particular the link between economics is a nine-time all-Okinawa kata and kumite champion, and a master (9th dan) of Uechi Ryu karate. Master Shinjo's unparalleled success in Okinawan karate competition earned him the nickname ""Okinawa's Kimmo Kristian Latvamäki (born June 6, 1976 in Ruovesi) is a Finnish sprint canoer who competed in the early to mid 2000s. At the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, he was eliminated in the semifinals of Richard Roger Lavigne (born 1941) is a former priest of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Springfield in Massachusetts. Lavigne has been at the center of the priest abuse scandal in the Diocese of Springfield Richard Paolinelli is the author of the science fiction novel, Armageddon Shield (2006) and was the lead writer for the first two issues of the Elite Comics series Seadragon (1986). He has served as Sports Kimberlee (Kim) Weatherall is an Australian intellectual property lawyer, blogger and academic. Weatherall studied at Oxford and Yale, then worked for Mallesons Stephen Jaques in Sydney before becoming Pinchas Steinberg (born 13 December 1945 in New York City) is an Israeli conductor. He was a violin student in the USA and a composition student in Berlin. His conducting debut was in 1974 with the RIAS Pierre Francois Aubameyang ""Yaya"" (or spell as Aubame Eyang) (born May 29, 1965 in Bitam) is a former Gabonese football (soccer) defender. He also holds a French passport. He is the father of Catilina, Richard N. Goodwin (born December 7, 1931) is an American writer who may be best known as an advisor and speechwriter to Presidents Kennedy and Johnson and to Senator Robert F. Kennedy. Richard Lowenstein (born 1 March 1959 in Melbourne, Australia) is an Australian film director. He has written, produced and directed the feature films He Died With A Felafel In His Hand, Dogs In Space, Chidananda Das Gupta, (family name sometimes spelled 'Dashgupta' and 'Dasgupta'), (born 1921) is a Bengali Indian filmmaker, a leading film critic, a film historian and one of the founders of Calcutta Richard L. Strauss served as the nation's first-ever White House Radio Director, holding the position for three years (1993-1995) during the first term of the Clinton Administration. In this newly developed Kim Stanley Robinson (born March 23, 1952) is an American science fiction writer known for his award-winning Mars trilogy. His work delves into ecological and sociological themes regularly, and many of Kim Herforth Nielsen (born 1954) is a Danish architect, MAA/RIBA. He is Founder and Principal of 3XN. Nielsen graduated from the Aarhus School of Architecture in 1981 and was one of the three Nielsen-founders Kiatiyot Chalarmkhet (Thai เกียรติยศ แฉล้มเขตต์), was born 2 November in 1989. Nickname MIX He is now playing for Thailand national futsal team. As a promising youngster, he scored 3 goals in 3 games Richard Kahlenberg is an American author and commentator whose focus primarily is on American public schools. His work has brought attention to the effectiveness that socioeconomic-class integration, Richard Hollington is a member of the Ohio House of Representatives, representing the 98th District since 2010. He was appointed as an interim replacement for Matt Dolan, who resigned in January 2010 Philippe Flajolet (1 December 1948) is a French computer scientist. A former student of École Polytechnique, Philippe Flajolet got a Ph.D. in computer science from University Paris Diderot in 1977 and Philip Antony Jeyaretnam (born 1964) is a lawyer from Singapore. He is a Senior Counsel in Singapore, President of the Law Society of Singapore, and a member of the Singapore Public Service Commission. Philip J. Quigley is the retired chief executive officer of Pacific Telesis Corporation and a current director of Wells Fargo &amp; Company. A native of San Francisco, California, Quigley received his Kerstin Lindblad-Toh, born 1970, is a Swedish scientist and the co-director of the Genome Sequencing and Analysis program at the Broad Institute, and currently a guest professor in comparative genomics Philip A. Brimmer (born 1959) is a United States federal judge. He is the son of Clarence Brimmer. Brimmer was born in Rawlins, Wyoming. He received an A.B. from Harvard College in 1981. He received a Chris A. d'Entremont (born October 31, 1969 in Yarmouth, Nova Scotia) is a Canadian politician. He currently represents the electoral district of Argyle in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly. He is a member Valerio Di Cesare (born 23 May 1983 in Rome) is an Italian footballer, who currently plays as a defender for Torino. Di Cesare moved his first footsteps into Lazio's youth system. During the summer of Christian Andreasen (born May 18, 1988) is a Danish football player who currently plays for Thisted FC in the Viasat Sport Divisionen. He has represented Randers FC in the Danish Superliga, and has played Kenneth James Gibson (born 8 October, 1973), better known as apendics. shuffle is an experimental, electronic, and dance music artist who has been releasing records since 1994. He founded the minimal Philip James Placer ""Phil"" Younghusband (born 4 August, 1987) is a Filipino footballer who plays as a Forward for the Philippine national team. He has been a free agent since 2008 after being released Markus Knackmuß (born June 7 1974 in Radolfzell) is a German football midfielder who plays for FC Villingen. He has also played for Dynamo Dresden (2006-2008), FC Augsburg (2004-2006) and Jahn Regensburg Christian M'Pumbu (born June 2, 1977) is a French professional mixed martial artist who has fought for M-1 Global and KSW. He is currently a member of Team France in M-1 Mixfight. M'Pumbu holds a notable Christian ""Blacky"" Schwarzer (born 23 October 1969) is a German handball player. Born in Braunschweig, he has played for VfL Fredenbeck from 1987 to 1991 and for TV Niederwürzbach from 1991 to 1999. While Christian Tomuschat (born 23 July 1936, in Stettin) is a German jurist. He is emeritus professor of public international law and European law at the Humboldt University in Berlin and is a former member"
Category:Cinema_of_the_United_States	25012	Category:Society/Category:American_society/Category:American_media/Category:Cinema_of_the_United_States Category:Culture/Category:Cinema_of_the_United_States Category:Arts/Category:Arts_in_the_United_States/Category:Cinema_of_the_United_States Category:Society/Category:Entertainment/Category:Cinema_of_the_United_States Category:Culture/Category:Entertainment/Category:Cinema_of_the_United_States Category:Humanities/Category:Entertainment/Category:Cinema_of_the_United_States Category:Humanities/Category:Area_studies/Category:American_studies/Category:American_media/Category:Cinema_of_the_United_States	"Charles Stevenson (13 October 1887 &ndash; 4 July 1943) was an American film actor of the silent era. He appeared in 136 films between 1914 and 1925. He was born in Sacramento, California, and died in The Fascination of the Fleur de Lis is a 1915 silent drama film directed by Joe De Grasse and featuring Lon Chaney, Sr. A print of the film survives in a private collection in the United Kingdom. Defying Gravity is a 1997 independent gay-themed romantic drama. Filmed in just 13 days using a cast largely of first-time actors, the film played the gay and lesbian film festival circuit in 1997 and The Kids Are All Right is a 2010 American comedy-drama film directed by Lisa Cholodenko who together with Stuart Blumberg wrote the screenplay. The story centers on a lesbian couple, Jules and Nic, who Jason Stanford is an american actor born the April 1953, 14(14-04-1953) to United States. Jason started his career in 1977 at age 24 while playing in Love Boat and in the 80s, he began starring on popular Robert ""Bob"" Peterson (born January 1961) is an American animator, screenwriter, director and voice actor, who has worked for Pixar since 1994. His first job was working as a layout artist and animator The Night the World Exploded is a 1957 science fiction film. The film was written by Jack Natteford and Luci Ward and directed by Fred F. Sears for producer Sam Katzman. Panic in the Streets is a 1950 film noir directed by Elia Kazan. It was shot exclusively on location in New Orleans, Louisiana and features numerous New Orleans citizens in speaking and non-speaking roles. Forgotten Ellis Island is a documentary film directed by Lorie Conway and narrated by Elliot Gould. It is also a book by Lorie Conway, published by Smithsonian Books 2007. The film took 9 years to produce Deep in My Heart is a 1954 MGM biographical musical film about the life of operetta composer Sigmund Romberg, who wrote the music for The Student Prince, The Desert Song, and The New Moon, among others. Every Time We Say Goodbye is a 1986 film starring Tom Hanks and Cristina Marsillach. Hanks plays a gentile American in the Royal Air Force, stationed in Jerusalem, who falls in love with a girl from a Christmas with a Capital C is an upcoming 2010 Christian-themed film written and directed by Helmut Schleppi. The film's plot centers around what in recent years has been dubbed the ""War on Christmas"" The Old Negro Space Program is a short mockumentary in the style of a Ken Burns film. Imagining a black space program, whose ""blackstronauts"" were excluded from ""White NASA"", the film lampoons Burns's Sarah Landon and the Paranormal Hour is a 2007 supernatural thriller film from Freestyle Releasing starring Rissa Walters as the title character. It was released on October 19, 2007. It is billed as ""the The Professionals is a 1966 American western starring Burt Lancaster, Lee Marvin and Claudia Cardinale. The film, which was written and directed by Richard Brooks, was based on the novel A Mule for the Frank Doubleday is an American actor notably cast as playing villains in several films. His most notable movie appearances include John Carpenter's Assault on Precinct 13 (1976) and John Carpenter's Escape Home from the Hill is a 1960 film directed by Vincente Minnelli and starring Robert Mitchum, Eleanor Parker, George Peppard, George Hamilton, Everett Sloane, and Luana Patten. The script was adapted from Maniac Nurses Find Ecstasy (also known as Bloodsucking Freaks II) is a 1990 Hungarian erotic horror film written, directed, and produced by Léon Paul De Bruyn (under the pseudonym ""Harry M. Love"") and Russell McCaskill Simpson (17 June 1880 – 12 December 1959) was an American character actor. Born in San Francisco, California, Simpson is best known for his work in the films of John Ford and, in particular, Men in Black is the third short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. No Man Is an Island is a 1962 war film about the exploits of George Ray Tweed, a United States Navy radioman who avoided capture and execution by the Japanese during their years-long World War II occupation Just My Luck is a 2006 American romantic comedy film directed by Donald Petrie and written by I. Marlene King and Amy B. Harris. The film stars Lindsay Lohan and Chris Pine as the main characters. Lohan To Each His Own is a 1946 American drama film. It was directed by Mitchell Leisen, and tells the story of Jody Norris, who falls in love with a US Army Air Service fighter pilot, Capt. Bart Cosgrove. Larry Alderman (L.A. ) Johnson (June 11, 1947 &ndash; January 21, 2010) was an American film and music producer, director, and editor best known for his long association with musician Neil Young. Cowboys &amp; Aliens is an upcoming science fiction western film directed by Jon Favreau and starring Daniel Craig, Harrison Ford, Olivia Wilde, Sam Rockwell, Noah Ringer, Paul Dano, Ana de la Reguera The Return of Boston Blackie is a 1927 low-budget, silent, drama genre film. Based upon a character created by Jack Boyle for short stories appearing in The American, Cosmopolitan and Redbook magazines James Francis Ivory (born June 7, 1928) is an American film director, best known for the results of his long collaboration with Merchant Ivory Productions, which included both Indian-born producer Ismail The Chicago Outdoor Film Festival has been showing classic films in Chicago's Grant Park for 10 years. For seven consecutive evenings in the summer people gather around a gigantic screen and enjoy classic The Dirty Dozen: The Deadly Mission is a 1987 made-for-TV film and is the second sequel to the original The Dirty Dozen. It features an all-new 'dirty dozen,' this time under the leadership of Major W The Hollywood High School E. M. Skinner Organ Opus 481-A is a pipe organ in Hollywood High School, in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California. The contract for Opus 481 was made in June 1924, shortly after The Brave Little Toaster is a 1987 American animated film directed by Jerry Rees, written by Thomas M. Disch, produced by Hyperion Pictures, along with The Kushner-Locke Company, and released by Walt Tom, Dick and Harry is a comedy film directed by Garson Kanin, written by Paul Jarrico, and starring Ginger Rogers, George Murphy, Alan Marshal, and Burgess Meredith. The film was released by RKO Radio Nothing But the Truth is a 1941 comedy film starring Bob Hope and Paulette Goddard, their third movie together in three years. The movie was directed by Elliott Nugent. The premise of the film, that the The Four Skulls of Jonathan Drake is a 1959 USA black and white horror film written by Orville H. Hampton and directed by Edward L. Cahn, one of a series of films they made in the late 1950s for producer The Sea Hawk is a 1940 American Warner Bros. feature film starring Errol Flynn as an English privateer who defends his nation's interests on the eve of the Spanish Armada. The film was the tenth collaboration Mike Wilson (born February 18, 1976, in Moberly, Missouri) is an American documentary filmmaker, known for the 2004 documentary Michael Moore Hates America. He is a Libertarian and an atheist. He is also What the Bleep Do We Know!? (also written What tнē #$*! D̄ө ωΣ πow!? and What the #$*! Do We Know!?) is a 2004 film that combines documentary-style interviews, computer-animated graphics, and a narrative The Second Coming of Suzanne (also known as Suzanne) is a 1974 film directed by Michael Barry. It stars Jared Martin as an obsessed San Francisco indie film maker who hires a beautiful young woman called Jack Frost is an American horror comedy film written and directed by Michael Cooney and released in 1996. The movie takes place in the fictional town of Snowmonton, where (on the week before Christmas) On Moonlight Bay is a 1951 musical film directed by Roy Del Ruth which tells the story of the Winfield family at the turn of the century. The movie is based loosely on the Penrod stories by Booth Tarkington. Idiot's Delight is a Hollywood film, with a screenplay adapted from the 1936 Robert E. Sherwood play of the same name, by Sherwood himself. The movie stars Norma Shearer and Clark Gable. It is notable The Sentinel is a 1977 horror film starring Chris Sarandon and Cristina Raines. It is based on the same-named novel by Jeffrey Konvitz who also co-wrote the screenplay with director Michael Winner. It Christine Jones (born October 13) is an American actress. Jones is perhaps best known for her portrayal of Janice Frame on the NBC soap opera Another World from 1978-1980 and again in 1989, but had also Drawing Down The Moon; filmed in Sunbury, Pennsylvania; is a 1997 Chaos Entertainment Independent film written and directed by Steven Patterson. The title is based upon a traditional Wiccan ritual of Peter Sullivan (born 30 November 1976) is an American screenwriter and film producer. Peter Sullivan was born in Shrewsbury, Massachusetts and graduated from NYU's Tisch School of the Arts with a degree The Revolve Film + Music Festival is a regional film festival located in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. It is North Carolina's only film festival that screens on a monthly basis, with a 5-day festival Forever and a Day is a 1943 drama film, a collaborative effort employing seven directors/producers and 22 writers, including an uncredited Alfred Hitchcock, with an enormous cast of well-known stars. The Flesh Eaters is a 1964 American horror/science fiction thriller, directed on a low budget by Jack Curtis and edited by future filmmaker Radley Metzger. The film contains moments of violence much more Lovers and Other Strangers is a 1970 comedy film based on the play by Renee Taylor and Joseph Bologna. The film features an ensemble cast including Gig Young, Cloris Leachman, Anne Jackson, Beatrice Arthur, Butterflies is a 2009 documentary film directed by Czech filmmaker Ester Brymova. Winning the Alan J. Bailey Excellence Award in Documentary Filmmaking at the Action on Film International Film Festival The Drifter is a 1988 thriller movie starring Kim Delaney, Timothy Bottoms, Al Shannon, Miles O'Keeffe, and Anna Garduno. The film is about a successful single woman who picks up a mysterious hitchhiker Frank Wilton Marshall (born September 13, 1946) is an American film producer and director, often working in collaboration with his wife, Kathleen Kennedy. With Kennedy and Steven Spielberg, he was one For Love or Money Features Doug who is a young man who works all day as a concierge at a luxurious hotel, saving money to make his own business. Unfortunately, when he finds the financial supporter he Robert Brown (born November 17, 1927), is a television actor from the 1960s and 1970s. Brown was born in Trenton, New Jersey. He guest-starred on numerous television programs, including the role of Peter Sherlock Holmes is a 1922 American silent film starring John Barrymore as Holmes and Roland Young as Watson. Believed lost for decades, much of the film finally resurfaced in the mid-1970s and was restored Act of Love is a 1980 made-for-TV film adaptation of the book Act of Love: The Killing of George Zygmanik by Judith Paige Mitchell. It was directed by Jud Taylor and written for screen by Michael De Guzman. Daisy Miller is a 1974 American drama film directed by Peter Bogdanovich. The screenplay by Frederic Raphael is based on the 1878 novella of the same title by Henry James. A Good Day to Be Black and Sexy is a 2008 film written, directed, produced and edited by Dennis Dortch. The film was originally screened at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival and was eventually given a one-week Zabriskie Point is a 1970 film by Italian director Michelangelo Antonioni, widely noted at the time for its setting in the late 1960s counterculture of the United States. Some of the film's scenes were Ivory Tower is a 1998 drama film about young people trying to enter the computer industry in Silicon Valley. The film was directed by Darin Ferriola, and stars Michael Ironside, Patrick Van Horn, Kari The Black Dahlia is a 2006 crime film directed by Brian De Palma. It is based on the novel of the same name by James Ellroy, writer of L.A. Confidential. The story is based on the murder of Elizabeth The Case of the Velvet Claws is a 1936 mystery film, the fourth and final appearance of Warren William as famed defense attorney Perry Mason. Mason finally marries his long-time secretary Della Street, The Shooter also known as Hidden Assassin is a 1995 American action drama directed by Ted Kotcheff and starring Dolph Lundgren as a CIA agent who gets caught up in politics when he is hired to solve the Richard Kinard Sanders (born August 23, 1940) is an American actor best known for playing the quirky news anchorman Les Nessman on the television sitcom, WKRP in Cincinnati. Sanders was born in Harrisburg, William Clemens (September 10, 1905 - April 29, 1980) was an American film director, known primarily for low-budget crime dramas. Born in Saginaw, Michigan, Clemens began his Hollywood career as a film John C. Thomas is an American screenwriter based in California. With his brother Jim Thomas, he wrote or was substantially involved in the screenplays of the following films: Predator (1987), Predator Shoot-Out at Medicine Bend is a 1957 Western film directed by Richard L. Bare and starring Randolph Scott. This film was the final film that Scott made with Warner Bros. The Downtown Community Television Center or DCTV is a community media center located in Manhattan's Chinatown on Lafayette Street. It was founded in 1972 by documentary filmmaker Jon Alpert and his wife, Love Walked In is a 1997 film noir drama/thriller film directed by Juan José Campanella. The film is based on the novel Ni el Tiro del Final by Argentine novelist and political columnist José Pablo Fe A Little Princess is a 1995 film directed by Alfonso Cuarón based upon the novel, A Little Princess by Frances Hodgson Burnett. This adaptation was heavily influenced by the 1939 cinematic version with The Comedians is a 1967 film directed and produced by Peter Glenville, based on the novel of the same name by Graham Greene, who also wrote the screenplay. Stars were Richard Burton, Elizabeth Taylor Don Patterson (December 26, 1909-December 12, 1998) was an American producer, animator, and director who worked at various studios during the golden age of animation, including Disney, MGM, and Walter Richard Ward, (March 15, 1915 in Glenside, Pennsylvania – July 1, 1979 in Hollywood, California) was a gravel-voiced African American actor in films and television and the stage from the late 1950s onwards John Witherspoon (born January 27, 1942) is an American comedy actor known for his roles in, Hollywood Shuffle (1987), Boomerang (1992), Murder Was The Case (1994), Friday (1995), Vampire In Brooklyn Running Scared is a 1986 action/comedy film directed by Peter Hyams, and starring Gregory Hines, Billy Crystal, and Jimmy Smits. The film chronicles two Chicago police officers that decide to retire from Brewster's Millions is one of a number of adaptations of the novel of the same name by George Barr McCutcheon. An ex-serviceman, played by Dennis O'Keefe, receives an unusual inheritance. The film was Richard Sale, (17 December 1911, New York – 4 March 1993, Los Angeles) was an American screenwriter and film director. He started his career writing for the pulps in the Thirties, appearing regularly Jack Smith was an American filmmaker, actor, and pioneer of underground cinema. He is generally acclaimed as a founding father of American performance art, and has been critically recognized as a master The Forgotten is a 2004 American psychological thriller film, directed by Joseph Ruben and starring Julianne Moore. The majority of the movie was filmed in New York City. The movie revolves around a woman Simon, King of the Witches, a rarely-seen 1971 film, directed by Bruce Kessler and starring Andrew Prine, is not technically a horror film as the title might suggest. It falls much more in the realm of Marie Antoinette is a 1938 film produced by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was directed by W. S. Van Dyke and starred Norma Shearer as Marie Antoinette, Tyrone Power, John Barrymore, Robert Morley, Anita Louise, FernGully: The Last Rainforest is a 1992 Australian animated film directed by Bill Kroyer, produced by Peter Faiman and Wayne Young, and written by Jim Cox based on a book of the same name by Diana Young. Private Valentine: Blonde &amp; Dangerous or Major Movie Star is a 2008 comedy film starring Jessica Simpson. Simpson plays the title role of Megan Valentine in the comedy, about a down-on-her-luck actress The Armenian Genocide is a documentary exploring the accusation that the Ottoman Empire killed more than one million Armenians by the Ottoman Empire during World War I. The documentary was broadcast by Peg o' My Heart is a 1933 film adaptation of the play of the same name by J. Hartley Manners. It starred Marion Davies as a poor Irish girl who stands to inherit a fortune if she satisfies certain con Machine-Gun Kelly is a film directed by Roger Corman, chronicling the criminal activities of the real-life George ""Machine Gun"" Kelly. The film was considered low budget, but received good critical reviews.. Peg o' My Heart is a silent drama film directed by King Vidor and starring Laurette Taylor. It is based on the 1912 play written by Taylor's husband J. Hartley Manners. The play starred Laurette Taylor The Foundling is a 1915 silent film directed by John B. O'Brien. The film premiered in 1915, was lost in a fire accident short after, and was remade immediately with the same director and principal ca Before I Self Destruct is a 2009 crime drama film starring Curtis ""50 Cent"" Jackson that is included with the album of the same name. It was released on November 23, 2009. The film is about a man named Witchboard 2: The Devil's Doorway is a 1993 American horror film directed by Kevin S. Tenney and starring Ami Dolenz. The film is the sequel to the 1986 film Witchboard. See also Richard Clayton (academic) (died 1676). Richard Clayton (June 12, 1915 – September 29, 2008) was an American actor who became a talent agent. He repped for such high profile talent as Jane Fonda, Pirates of the Great Salt Lake is a film made in 2006 by Blueshift Entertainment. The film was directed by E. R Nelson and starred Kirby Heyborne and Trenton James. The film won two awards at the Foursite Helping Hands is a 1941 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 201st Our Gang short (202nd episode, 113th talking short, 114th talking episode, and 33rd MGM produced episode) that The Good Life is a 1997 film Starring Sylvester Stallone. The film is about three guys who move from New Jersey to Miami; two of them end up killing the third. Michael James McDonald (born December 31st, 1964) is an American actor, writer, comedian, and director, best known for starring in the sketch comedy show MADtv. McDonald joined the show during the fourth This Day and Age is a 1933 film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. It is one of his rarest films and has not been released on DVD. In his book Cecille B. DeMille's Hollywood, author Robert S. Birchard relates The Last Word is an offbeat romantic dramedy written and directed by Geoffrey Haley. It had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival in January, and was released wide in 2008. Canadian Pacific is a 1949 historical Western, directed by Nat Holt and starring Randolph Scott and Jane Wyatt. Filmed in Cinecolor on location in the Canadian Rockies, it spins a fanciful account of The Expendables is a 1989 action film directed by Cirio H. Santiago. It stars Anthony Finetti, Peter Nelson, Loren Haynes and Kevin Duffis. It was written by Philip Alderton. Its running time is 89 minutes. The Women of Color Film Festival was founded in 1992 and takes place at the University of California at Santa Cruz. As the longest running event of its kind, the UCSC Women of Color Film and Video Festival Tell Me That You Love Me, Junie Moon is a 1970 film directed by Otto Preminger. The film is based on the book by Marjorie Kellogg. The film starred Liza Minnelli as the title character, a girl who is The Night of the Hunter is a 1955 American thriller film directed by Charles Laughton and starring Robert Mitchum and Shelley Winters. The film is based on the 1953 novel of the same name by Davis Grubb, Year of the Dog is a 2007 comedy-drama film written and directed by Mike White, and starring Molly Shannon, Laura Dern, Regina King, Tom McCarthy, Josh Pais, John C. Reilly and Peter Sarsgaard. The film David Walsh Naughton (born February 13, 1951) is an American actor and singer best known for his starring roles in the 1981 horror film An American Werewolf in London and the 1980 Walt Disney comedy, Charles Harold Bernstein (born February 28, 1943) is a Daytime Emmy Award-winning composer of film and television music. His credits include the score for A Nightmare on Elm Street. After studying composition James Henderson ""Jimmy"" Finlayson (August 27, 1887 – October 9, 1953) was a Scottish actor who worked in both silent and sound comedies. Bald, with a fake moustache, Finlayson had many trademark comic My Foolish Heart is a 1949 American film which tells the story of a woman's reflections on the bad turns her life has taken. It was directed by Mark Robson and stars Dana Andrews and Susan Hayward. Adapted The Legend of Bagger Vance is a 2000 American film directed by Robert Redford and starring Will Smith, Matt Damon and Charlize Theron. It was based on the same-titled 1995 book by Steven Pressfield and Charles Atlas is a video artist and film director who also does lighting and set design. He is a pioneer in developing media-dance, also called dance for camera. Media dance is work that is created directly Oliver Twist is a 1909 film and was the first adaptation of Oliver Twist ever made. It Starred Edith Storey as Oliver Twist, Elita Proctor Otis as Nancy Skyes and William J. Humphrey as Fagin. It was And the Violins Stopped Playing is a 1988 movie depicting a real story about a group of Romani people who are forced to flee from the persecuting forces of the Nazis at the height of the Porajmos (Romani Angel on My Shoulder is a 1946 American fantasy film about a deal between the Devil and a dead man. It was an independent production, produced by Charles R. Rogers and David W. Siegel, directed by Archie For the 1923 film version of the Hall Caine novel, see The Eternal City (1923 film). The Eternal City is a silent film directed by Hugh Ford and Edwin S. Porter, produced by Adolph Zukor and based upon The Land Beyond the Sunset is a 1912 short film which tells the story of a young boy, oppressed by his grandmother, who goes on an outing in the country with a social welfare group. It stars Martin Fuller, Daniel Pearl A.S.C. is an American cinematographer who has worked on many feature films, over 400 music videos and more than 250 commercials. His best known work is probably The Texas Chain Saw Massacre Confessions of an Opium Eater is a 1962 American film produced and directed by Albert Zugsmith. It is based on the 1822 autobiographical novel by Thomas de Quincey. It stars Vincent Price as Thomas de Scott Alexander (b. June 16, 1963, Los Angeles, California) and Larry Karaszewski (b. November 20, 1961, South Bend, Indiana) are a Hollywood screenwriting team. They met at the University of Southern James Benning (born 1942 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin) is an American filmmaker. He is the son of German immigrants and studied film at the University of Wisconsin–Madison (1975) under the tutelage of David Thomas Jefferson is a 1997 documentary directed and produced by Ken Burns. It covers the life and times of Thomas Jefferson, the 3rd President of the United States. In this film Jefferson is seen as a A Conversation With Gregory Peck is a 1999 film directed by documentary filmmaker Barbara Kopple. Kopple followed the actor as he embarked on a live speaking tour throughout the United States reflecting The Hunted is a 1995 film written and directed by J. F. Lawton, starring Christopher Lambert, John Lone, and Joan Chen. The score features music by the Japanese taiko troupe Kodō. Edmund Lincoln Anderson (September 18, 1905 &ndash; February 28, 1977), often known as Eddie ""Rochester"" Anderson, was an American comic actor who became famous playing ""Rochester van Jones"" (usually Dancing at the Blue Iguana is an American drama film, released in 2000, directed by Michael Radford about the lives of strippers in an adult club. It was based on an improvisational workshop involving George Wells (November 8, 1909 - November 27, 2000) was an American screenwriter. Along with co-writer Harry Tugend, Wells was nominated for the 1950 Writers Guild of America Award in the category of Herman Miller (November 10, 1919 - April 18, 1999) was a Hollywood writer and producer. He pursued both undergraduate and graduate studies at the University of Southern California, where he received his American Guerrilla in the Philippines (released as I Shall Return in the UK) is a 1950 war film starring Tyrone Power as a U.S. Navy ensign stranded by the Japanese occupation of the Philippines in World Kinjite: Forbidden Subjects action/drama film starring Charles Bronson and directed by J. Lee Thompson. The film was critically blasted upon its release because of its controversial plot and extremely The Secret of Treasure Island is a Columbia movie serial based on Robert Louis Stevenson's novel Treasure Island. The serial is broken into fifteen chapters. Reporter Larry Kent travels to an island in The Squaw Man (known as The White Man in the UK) is a 1914 silent western drama motion picture starring Dustin Farnum. Directed by Oscar Apfel and Cecil B. DeMille and produced by DeMille and Jesse L. Behind Enemy Lines: Colombia is a 2009 war film directed by Tim Matheson and starring Joe Manganiello, and Kenneth Anderson, who is known in Total Nonstop Action (TNA) as Mr. Anderson. It is the third Love and BulletsDirected by Fatty ArbuckleStarring Fatty ArbuckleRelease date(s) 4 July 1914Country United StatesLanguage SilentEnglish intertitles Love and Bullets is a 1914 short comedy film directed Call of the Wild (also known as Call of the Wild 3D) is an American film Christopher Lloyd, Timothy Bottoms, Veronica Cartwright, Christopher Dempsey, Joyce DeWitt, Ariel Gade, Devon Graye, Devon Iott, Kevin O'Brien is an American actor who starred in movies and on television. His big role was in the 1982 horror movie Friday the 13th Part III and in the 1989 movie Warlock. He has made guest appearances Swing Time is a 1936 American musical comedy film set mainly in New York City and stars Fred Astaire, Ginger Rogers, Helen Broderick, Victor Moore, Eric Blore and Georges Metaxa, with music by Jerome Charles Patrick Ryan O'Neal III (b. September 14, 1967, Santa Monica, California) is a studio host and reporter for Fox Sports West/Prime Ticket in Los Angeles. Most of his appearances come during pregame The Ten Commandments is a 1923 American epic silent film directed by Cecil B. DeMille, starring Theodore Roberts as Moses, Charles de Rochefort as Pharaoh Ramesses, Estelle Taylor as Miriam the sister Walk on the Wild Side is a 1962 film directed by Edward Dmytryk, adapted from the 1956 novel A Walk on the Wild Side by Nelson Algren. The film had a star-studded cast, including Laurence Harvey, Capucine, Michael Hawkins (born August 12, 1935) is an American actor. Hawkins was born as Thomas Knight Slater in Harlem, New York City. He would also use the stage name Michael Gainsborough. During the 1940s Rooster Cogburn (... and the Lady) is a 1975 film and sequel to the 1969 western film, True Grit. The film stars John Wayne, in his penultimate film, who reprises his role as U.S. Marshal Reuben J. ""Rooster"" Welcome Home is a 1989 drama film directed by Franklin Schaffner. It stars Kris Kristofferson as a Vietnam veteran who returns to his family after many years and who tries to readjust to life 20 years Motown Motion Picture Studios (2009) is located in Metro Detroit suburb of Pontiac. Raleigh Studios of Hollywood will operate the 600,000 square feet (56,000 m) movie studio at the Pontiac Centerpoint The Houston Gay &amp; Lesbian Film Festival (HGLFF) is a non-profit organization dedicated to promoting the media arts as a powerful tool for communication and cooperation among diverse communities by The Ten Commandments is a 1956 American motion picture that dramatized the Biblical story of Moses, an adopted Egyptian prince turned deliverer of the Hebrew slaves. It was released by Paramount Pictures Intermezzo is a romantic film made in the USA by Selznick International Pictures. It was directed by Gregory Ratoff and produced by David O. Selznick. It is a remake of the Swedish film Intermezzo. The Steven Brill (born May 27, 1962) is an American actor, film producer, director, and screenwriter. He directed and co-wrote Little Nicky and directed Mr. Deeds, Without A Paddle, Heavyweights and Drillbit Morning Glory is a 1933 pre-Code American drama film which tells the story of an eager but unstable would-be actress whose good looks draw more attention than her acting. It stars Katharine Hepburn, Douglas Captain Spanky's Show Boat is a 1939 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 183rd Our Gang short (184th episode, 95th talking short, 96th talking episode, and 15th MGM produced Rock Around the Clock is the title of a 1956 musical motion picture that featured Bill Haley and His Comets along with Alan Freed, The Platters, Tony Martinez and His Band, and Freddie Bell and His Bellboys. Mysterious Castles of Clay is a 1978 film about a termite colony; filmed in Kenya by film-makers Joan and Alan Root, and narrated by Orson Welles. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Documentary Sleepaway Camp 3: Teenage Wasteland is a 1989 film written by Fritz Gordon and directed by Michael A. Simpson. It stars Pamela Springsteen, Tracy Griffith, Michael J. Pollard, Mark Oliver, and Haynes High Society is a musical film made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in VistaVision and Technicolor with music and lyrics by Cole Porter. It was directed by Charles Walters and produced by Sol C. Siegel from a Craig Phillip Robinson (born October 25, 1971) is an American actor and stand-up comedian. He is best known for his roles on The Office as Darryl Philbin and in the films Pineapple Express, Zack and Miri Night of the Demons is a 2009 American horror film and remake of the 1988 film of the same name. It was directed by Adam Gierasch, written by Jace Anderson, and stars Monica Keena, Shannon Elizabeth, Ralph Louis Harris is an American comedian, actor, and writer. Harris is best known for his role as Josh Jerrico in the TGIF sitcom On Our Own, and his stand up routines. Roger E. Young (born 13 May 1942) is an American TV and film director. He won an Emmy Award in 1980 in Outstanding Directing in a Drama Series for Lou Grant . He was born in Champaign, Illinois. The Inn of the Sixth Happiness is a 1958 American 20th Century Fox film based on the true story of Gladys Aylward, a tenacious British maid, who became a missionary in China during the tumultuous years Carlos Baena is a professional animator and now a cofounder of the online school Animation Mentor, which was started in March, 2005. It was the first post-secondary school that helped students to pursue William Crain (June 20, 1949, Columbus, Ohio) is an American film and television director. He was one of the first black filmmakers from a major film school to achieve commercial success. Honky Tonk is a 1929 American musical film starring Sophie Tucker in her film debut. The film was a flop when released and is now lost, although the soundtrack for the trailer still exists. Tucker sings Three Men on a Horse is a 1936 comedy film adapted from the Broadway play of the same name written by George Abbott and John Cecil Holm. A mild-mannered greeting card poet has the uncanny ability to pick Rock-A-Bye Baby is a 1958 comedy film with songs, starring Jerry Lewis. A loose remake of Preston Sturges' 1944 film The Miracle of Morgan's Creek, the film was directed and written by Frank Tashlin, Mary Coyle Chase (25 February 1906 – 20 October 1981) was an American journalist, playwright and screenwriter, known primarily for writing the Broadway play Harvey, later adapted for film starring James Richard Myers (or Richard L. Myers) is an American experimental filmmaker based in northeast Ohio. Myers taught at Kent State University in Kent, Ohio and is particularly known for his 1970 film Confrontation Chestnut: Hero Of Central Park is an American film starring Abigail Breslin, Christine Tucci, Justin Louis, Makenzie Vega, Tony Alcantar, Irene Olga López, Ethan Phillips, Irene Karas, Barry Bostwick Wild Hearts Can’t Be Broken is a 1991 film about Sonora Webster, a rider of diving horses. It is based on events in the life of Sonora Webster Carver as told in her memoir A Girl and Five Brave Horses. Elvira, Mistress of the Dark is a 1988 comedy horror film directed by James Signorelli. Cassandra Peterson reprises her role as horror hostess Elvira in her feature film debut. The screenplay was written The Two Orphans is a silent drama film directed by Herbert Brenon and starring Theda Bara. The film is now considered to be a lost film. This film was based on an English play by John Oxenford - the same How to Make the Cruelest Month is a 1998 comedy film written and directed by Kip Koenig. It won the Best of Fest prize at the 1998 Long Island Film Festival and was nominated for the Grand Jury Prize Forbidden CargoDirected by Tom BuckinghamWritten by Fred MytonStarring Evelyn BrentRobert EllisBoris KarloffCinematography Silvano BalboniRelease date(s) 22 February, 1925Running time 5 reelsCountry United Night Plane from Chungking is a 1943 wartime adventure film made by Paramount Pictures. It is a remake of Paramount's earlier film Shanghai Express (1932). The film was directed by Ralph Murphy, and produced Team America: World Police is a 2004 comedy film written by Trey Parker, Matt Stone, and Pam Brady and directed by Parker, all of whom are also known for the popular animated series South Park. The film The Big Bounce is a 1969 film directed by Alex March, based on the novel by Elmore Leonard. Taylor-Young was nominated for a Laurel Award for her performance in the film. The film was shot on location Stranger than Fiction is a 2006 American drama film. It was directed by Marc Forster, written by Zach Helm, and stars Will Ferrell, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Dustin Hoffman, Queen Latifah, and Emma Thompson. , AFI's 100 Years…100 Thrills is a list of the top 100 thrilling movies in American cinema. The list was unveiled by the American Film Institute on June 12, 2001 during a CBS special hosted by Harrison The San Diego Asian Film Festival (SDAFF) is an annual event organized by the San Diego Asian Film Foundation. The festival was first held in 2000 at the University of San Diego by the Asian American Cactus Makes Perfect is the 61st short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. Charlie Chan at Monte Carlo is a 1937 movie directed by Eugene Forde. The main character is Charlie Chan, a Chinese-Hawaiian detective. This was the final Charlie Chan film with Warner Oland portraying Charles Fredericks (5 Sep 5 1918, Columbus, Mississippi - 14 May 1970, Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles, California) was an American actor of the stage, television, and film. He was particularly known for his Stagecoach is a 1966 American film, a remake of the 1939 John Ford western Stagecoach. Slim Pickens replaced Andy Devine as the driver, football player Alex Cord filled in for John Wayne as the Ringo Associated Motion Picture Pilots (AMPP) was a union of aviators who worked as stunt pilots in the Hollywood film industry. The group, one of the first unions in film work, was organized by Pancho Barnes Charles Burnett (April 13, 1944, Vicksburg, Mississippi) is a MacArthur Award-winning American independent filmmaker. Like many black families, his parents decided to leave Mississippi for California The Revolt of Mamie Stover is a film made by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation. It was directed by Raoul Walsh and produced by Buddy Adler from a screenplay by Sydney Boehm based on the novel of The Awful Truth was a romantic comedy film, distributed by Pathé Exchange, directed by Marshall Neilan, and starring Ina Claire and Henry Daniell. The screenplay was written by Horace Jackson and Arthur Two for the Seesaw is a 1962 romance-drama film directed by Robert Wise and starring Robert Mitchum and Shirley MacLaine. It was adapted from a Broadway play of the same name, written by William Gibso Red, Hot and Blue is a 1949 musical comedy film starring Betty Hutton as an actress who gets mixed up with gangsters and murder. It has no connection to Cole Porter's play of the same name. Frank Loesser Richard Pearce (born January 25, 1943 in San Diego, California) is an American film director and producer. He prepped at St. Paul's School and then earned a B.A. , English from Yale University in the Harvey Bullock (born June 4, 1921 in Oxford, North Carolina &ndash; April 23, 2006) was an American television and film writer and producer. His work with R.S. Allen included episodes for The Andy Griffith George Montgomery (August 29, 1916 - December 12, 2000) was an American painter, sculptor, furniture craftsman, and stuntman who is best known as an actor in western style film and television. Born George Uptown: Portrait of a Palace is an award-winning documentary about the Uptown Theatre, a movie palace located in the Uptown neighborhood of Chicago in the United States of America. The Uptown was built The Johns Hopkins Film Festival is an international film festival held annually at the Johns Hopkins University. Established in 1997, the festival aims to show independent works from local and international The Invisible Ray is a 1920 science fiction film serial directed by Harry A. Pollard. The film is considered to be lost. After a mineralologist discovers the ray with extraordinary powers, a group of The Washington Jewish Film Festival is a film festival that features films that represent the great diversity of Jewish experiences. It is held at the Aaron &amp; Cecile Goldman Theater in the Washington, He Makes Me Feel Like Dancin' is a 1983 documentary film directed by Emile Ardolino about Jacques D'Amboise, a noted former American ballet star who had dancing roles in such films as Seven Brides for Pirates of Treasure Island is a 2006 American comedy-drama film adaptation of Robert Louis Stevenson's novel Treasure Island, produced by The Asylum. Despite being a faithful adaptation of Stevenson's Josh Gilbert is a screenwriter and documentary filmmaker, best known for producing and directing a/k/a Tommy Chong in 2006, a documentary about comedy legend, Tommy Chong, one half of the duo Cheech &amp; Jack Kinney (March 29, 1909 – February 9, 1992) was an American animator, director and producer of animated shorts. Jack Kinney attended John Muir Junior High School in Los Angeles, California (1925), Jean Merilyn Simmons, OBE (January 31, 1929 &ndash; January 22, 2010) was an English actress who later also became an American citizen. She appeared predominantly in motion pictures, beginning with films Jeff Bennett (born October 2, 1962), also known as Jeff Glenn Bennett or Jeff Glen Bennett, is an American actor, comedian, and voice artist. He has been listed ""among the top names in the voice-over Jeff Stimmel is an American film director and producer. His work as producer/director includes The Art of Failure: Chuck Connelly Not for Sale (2008) which aired on HBO, BBC, and Zdf/ARTE in Germany and Jennifer G. Wright (born March 23, 1962) is an American actress who made her film debut portraying the role of Cushie in The World According to Garp in 1982. That same year she made an appearance in Pink William Vito Pollina, aka Billy Pollina, (born June 25, 1961) is an American film and television writer, producer and director. He was born in Harvey, Illinois to Italian immigrants from Sicily. Pollina Bert Woodruff (29 April 1856 &ndash; 14 June 1934) was an American actor of the silent era. He appeared in 64 films between 1916 and 1931. He was born in Peoria, Illinois and died in Los Angeles, Cali Bermuda Grace is a 1994 American television film directed by Mark Sobel. A comedy thriller, it starred William Sadler and David Harewood as a Philadelphia and a British policemen who go on the hunt of Distant Drums is a 1951 film (more specifically, a ""Florida Western"") directed by Raoul Walsh and starring Gary Cooper. It is set during the Second Seminole War in the 1840s, with Cooper playing an Army Mena Alexandra Suvari (born February 13, 1979) is an American actress, fashion designer, and model. Despite beginning her career as a model, she soon transitioned into acting after appearing in guest Surviving Sid is a 2008 computer animated short film from Blue Sky Studios and distributed by HiT Entertainment, starring Sid the Sloth of Ice Age and a cameo appearance by Scrat. It is the third in the Jessie Ralph (November 5, 1864 – May 30, 1944) was an American stage and screen actress, best known for her matronly roles in many classic motion pictures. She was born Jessie Ralph Chambers in Gloucester, James Clarence Wakeley (February 16, 1914&ndash;September 23, 1982), better known as Jimmy Wakely, was an American country-Western singer and actor, one of the last crooning cowpokes following World War Jan Sherwood is an American actress mostly known for her work on the stage. She made her Broadway debut in 1944 as Marpha in The Day Will Come. In 1950 she returned to Broadway to portray the Lady in Gaston Glass (31 December 1899 &ndash; 11 November 1965), was a French-born American actor. He appeared in 100 films between 1917 and 1943. He was born in Paris and died in Santa Monica, California. Joseph ""Joe"" Stillman is an American television and movie writer, producer and director, he is well known for working on films like Shrek and Shrek 2, Curious George, and 2010 films The Lightning Thief Joel Peissig is an American film and video maker. He signed to Ridley Scott Associates production company in 2001. He was in the New Directors Showcase at the Cannes Advertising Film Festival of 2002. Donald Adeosun Faison (born June 22, 1974) is an American actor and voice actor best known for his role as Dr. Chris Turk in the ABC comedy-drama Scrubs (2001–2010). Faison first emerged on the scene Donald McKinley Glover (born September 25, 1983) is an American actor, writer, comedian, and musician. Best known for his work in the sketch group Derrick Comedy, he currently stars as community college Maxine Fife (10 September 1925 &ndash; 8 December 2008) was an American actress. At the age of 17, she was working as an usher at a movie theater in Beverly Hills, California when Zeppo Marx noticed her. Barry Gifford (born October 18, 1946) is an American author, poet, and screenwriter known for his distinctive mix of American landscapes and film noir- and Beat Generation-influenced literary madness. Douglas TenNapel is an American musician, animator, Eisner Award-winning artist, and author and writer. He is best known for creating Earthworm Jim, a character that spawned a famous video game, cartoon Gaili Schoen (born Susan Gaili Schoen, in Venice, California) is an American film composer, orchestrator, and pianist. She is best known for her scores for the films Festival in Cannes starring Maximilian Matthew Witten (born in Baltimore) is a screenwriter for House and other shows. He also has written several mystery books, the first of which was Breakfast at Madeline's. Witten currently resides in Los Matt Prokop (born July 29, 1990) is an American actor, best known for his role as Jimmie ""The Rocket"" Zara in High School Musical 3: Senior Year. He was born in Texas, and moved to Los Angeles at the Strange Frame is a labor of love between two old friends musician Shelley Doty and filmmaker GB Hajim. It began in 1999 when they decided to collaborate on a project using their individual talents and Dustin Nguyen (born September 17, 1962) is a Vietnamese-American actor, director, writer and martial artist. He's best known for his roles as Harry Truman Ioki on 21 Jump Street and as Johnny Loh on V Edward Mitchell ""Mitch"" Rouse (born August 6, 1964) is an American film and television actor, director and screenwriter. Rouse was born in Knoxville, Tennessee, and raised in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, where Blake Edwards (born William Blake Crump on July 26, 1922) is an American film director, screenwriter and producer. In 2004, he received an Honorary Academy Award in recognition of his writing, directing Dylan Kussman is a film and television actor who played the part of Richard Cameron in the 1989 film Dead Poets Society as well as Dr. Allen Painter in The Way of the Gun in 2000. He has also appeared Frozen Stars is a 2003 Independent film produced by Charlotte Neilsen, written and directed by David-Matthew Barnes. The Latino flavored coming-of-age story explores the lives of four young adults struggling John Polonia, (born 30 September 1968 in Wellsboro, Pennsylvania - died on 25 February 2008) was one half of the prolific and influential low-budget film-making duo the Polonia brothers, along with his Johnny Brown (born June 11, 1937 in Saint Petersburg, Florida) is an American actor and singer. Brown is a nightclub and stage performer as well as a comic actor, and a regular cast member of the television Eden Hartford (April 10, 1930 - December 15, 1983) was an American film actress. Her sister was actress Dee Hartford. She was married to Groucho Marx from 1954 to 1969. Steven Dillon is an author and Professor of English at Bates College in Lewiston, Maine. He is also a film critic and film historian. Dillon's use of the expression ""The Solaris Effect"", as in the title James Gaines, birth name James Larry M. Gaines Jr. , is an African-American-Filipino character actor, writer and director with dual nationality, born on May 18, 1955, in Maui, Hawaii. He was sometimes James DuMont (born August 12, 1965) is an American character actor and producer. DuMont's career includes a lead performance in the political thriller Enemies Among Us, opposite Eric Roberts and Billy Robert William ""Rob"" Corddry (born February 4, 1971) is an American actor and comedian best known for his work as a former correspondent on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart and for his starring role in Gina Gallego (born November 30, 1959) is an American actress, known for her work in television. Gallego was born in Los Angeles, California, daughter of Maria, a homemaker, and George Gallego, a landscape Robert R. ""Rob"" Minkoff (born August 11, 1962) is an American filmmaker. He is known for directing the Academy Award-winning animated feature, The Lion King. Minkoff was born in Palo Alto, California. Dear Brigitte is a 1965 family-comedy starring James Stewart and directed by Henry Koster. Stewart stars as a college professor of a genius son, the precocious Erasmus. After using his skills for gambling James Francis Cagney, Jr. (July 17, 1899 &ndash; March 30, 1986) was an American film actor. Although he won acclaim and major awards for a wide variety of roles, he is best remembered for playing ""tough Ellie Cornell (born December 15, 1963) is an American actress and movie producer, known primarily for her roles in horror films. After her marriage to producer Mark Gottwald, she is sometimes credited Aaron White (born 1980) is an NAACP Theater Award-winning American playwright, his most notable work being The Dance: The History of American Minstrelsy, which he wrote with Jason Christopher White (no Elliott Gould (born Elliot Goldstein; August 29, 1938) is an American actor. He began acting in Hollywood films during the 1960s, and has remained prolific ever since. Some of his most notable films include Judd Ehrlich is the American director and producer of the Emmy-nominated 2006 public television documentary Mayor of the West Side and the 2008 Tribeca Film Festival premiere Run for Your Life . He was Abraham ""Abe"" Levitow (July 2, 1922 - May 8, 1975) was an American animator who worked at Warner Bros. Cartoons, UPA and Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer (MGM). Levitow was born in Los Angeles, California. He began Ernest Haller, A.S.C. also credited as Ernie B. Haller, (31 May 1896 - 21 October 1970), was an American cinematographer. Born in Los Angeles, California, Haller joined Biograph Studios as an actor in James Brolin (born July 18, 1940) is an American actor, producer and director, best known for his roles in soap operas, movies, sitcoms, and television. He is the father of actor Josh Brolin and husband Stanley Donen (born April 13, 1924) is an American film director and choreographer hailed by David Quinlan as ""the King of the Hollywood musicals"". His most celebrated work is Singin' in the Rain (1952), Ronnie Dapo (born May 8, 1952) is an American former child actor who appeared in supporting roles in such television series as ABC's Room for One More (1962) and CBS's The New Phil Silvers Show (1964) Justice Adam Leak (born September 1, 1979) is an American film, television and stage actor best known for his portrayal of Harland Osbourne in the 2007 film The Great Debaters. Mad Cowgirl is an underground cult film by Gregory Hatanaka. Hatanaka dedicated the movie to Doris Wishman, who directed 1960s sexploitation films such as Diary of a Nudist, Behind the Nudist Curtain Frances Dade, also known early in her career as Lorelei Lee, (February 14, 1910 —January 21, 1968) was an American film actress of the late 1920s and 1930s. Born and raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, Eugenie Forde (22 June 1879 &ndash; 5 September 1940) was an American silent film actress. She starred in a total of 73 films between 1912 and 1927 in films such as The Diamond from the Sky (1915) and Lynne Sachs (born August 10, 1961 in Memphis, Tennessee) is an American experimental filmmaker who makes films, videos, installations and web projects exploring the relationship between personal observations Spalding Rockwell Gray (June 5, 1941 &ndash; ca. January 10, 2004) was an American actor, playwright, screenwriter, performance artist, and monologuist. He was primarily known for his ""trenchant, personal Aisha N. Tyler (born September 18, 1970) is an American actress, stand-up comedienne, and author, known for her regular role in the first seasons of Ghost Whisperer and Archer, as well as her recurring Everett Lewis is an American director, screenwriter and producer. He earned his Bachelor of Arts from North Carolina State University and a Master of Fine Arts from the University of Southern California. Days of Wrath is a 2010 drama film starring Jeffrey Dean Morgan, Laurence Fishburne and Wilmer Valderrama. The film directed by Celia Fox, 32, and written by Mitchell Kapner and Michael Markee. James Barton (November 1, 1890 &ndash; February 19, 1962) was an American vaudevillian and a character actor in films and television. Born into a theatrical family in Gloucester City, New Jersey, Barton Kate Capshaw (born November 3, 1953) is an American actress. She is known for her role as Willie Scott in the film Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom. She is married to the director Steven Spielberg Otis Burt ""Sonny"" Shroyer, Jr. (born August 28, 1935) is an American actor who has appeared in various television and movie roles. He is best known for his role as Deputy Sheriff Enos Strate in the television Faces of Gore is a shockumentary video that depicts graphic footage of bloody, mangled bodies. Though death and violence is the focus of the video, no actual scenes of death are ever shown -- only aftermath/cleanup Lucy Cotton (1891 &ndash; 12 December 1948), was an American actress. She appeared in 12 films between 1910 and 1921. In 1915 Miss Cotton appeared on stage in ""Polygamy"" at the Park Theatre in New York Gloria LeRoy (born November 7, 1931, Bucyrus, Ohio) is an American character actor best remembered for having played voluptuous Mildred ""Boom-Boom"" Turner in classic 1970s sitcom All in the Family, as Alan Carney (December 22, 1909 &ndash; May 2, 1973) was an American actor and comedian. Alan Carney was born David Boughal in Brooklyn, New York. He had performed in vaudeville for years as a comic dialectican. Kelly AuCoin is an American actor who has appeared in numerous roles in film, on television, and the stage. He has appeared in episodes of several current American television series, including Gossip Angel Oquendo is an American stage, television, and film actor. In addition to his work on film, he also appeared in a number of television series including Nip/Tuck, Raising The Bar, Everybody Hates Love Camp 7 is a 1969 U.S. women-in-prison B-movie directed by Lee Frost and written by Wes Bishop and Bob Cresse, the latter of whom also acts as a sadistic camp commandant. Molly Cheek (born March 2, 1950) is an American actress who played the mother of main character Jim Levenstein in the 1999 film American Pie. She also played Garry's best friend on the television show Andre Gregory (born May 11, 1934) is an American theatre director and actor. Gregory studied at Harvard University. During the 1960s and 1970s, Gregory directed a number of avant-garde productions developed Fireball 500 was a stock car racing film, blended with the beach party film genre. A vehicle for stars Frankie Avalon, Annette Funicello and Fabian, it was one of a string of similar racing films from Amy O'Neill (born July 8, 1971) is a performer and a former actress. After appearing in several sitcoms and starring as Molly Stark on The Young and the Restless in 1986, she was cast as Amy Szalinski Kevin Brady Dillon (born August 19, 1965) is an American actor best known as Johnny ""Drama"" Chase on the HBO dramedy Entourage. He has been nominated for three Primetime Emmy Awards and a Golden Globe Albert Pyun (born May 19, 1953) is an American film director best known for having made many low-budget B-movies and direct-to-video action films. He frequently blends kickboxing and hybrid martial arts Liza Snyder (born March 20, 1968) is an American actress. She is probably best known for her portrayal of ""Christine Hughes"" on the CBS Network sitcom, Yes, Dear. Snyder made her feature film debut in Slim Whitaker (born Charles Whitaker 29 July 1893 &ndash; 27 June 1960) was an American film actor. He appeared in 345 films between 1914 and 1949. He was born in Kansas City, Missouri and died in Los Scott Dacko is the screenwriter and director of The Insurgents, starring Mary Stuart Masterson, John Shea, Henry Simmons, Juliette Marquis and Michael Mosley. Winner of the German Independence Audience Listen Lena is a comedy film directed by Clem Beauchamp. According to the Internet Movie Database Fatty Arbuckle appears in this film as a ""fat man with strategically covered face"", although the role Scott Kosar is a screenwriter whose films include The Machinist, the 2003 remake of the classic horror film The Texas Chain Saw Massacre, and the 2005 remake of The Amityville Horror. Standing 6'4 7/8"" tall, Alexis Skye was crowned in 2008 by the Guinness Book of World Records as the ""World's Tallest Fashion and Bikini model. "" Alexis has appeared at various events like Arnold Classic, Lisa Lassek is a film producer and editor whose credits include her role as Associate Producer for the television series Firefly. She has edited episodes for the sixth season of Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Fly Away Home (a.k.a. Flying Wild) is a 1996 film, directed by Carroll Ballard, about the daughter of a divorcé who, with her father, leads a flock of Canada geese from Canada to a wildlife refuge in Sean Mullin (born January 13, 1975), is an American film director, screenwriter and producer. He holds a B.S. from United States Military Academy at West Point and an MFA in Filmmaking from Columbia University. King Kung Fu is a 1976 comedy film directed by Lance D. Hayes that is a low budget spoof of both King Kong and Kung Fu done in the slapstick style of Benny Hill which predates the similarly silly Airplane! Fast Workers, also known as Rivets, is a 1933 drama film starring John Gilbert and Robert Armstrong as construction workers and romantic rivals for the character played by Mae Clarke. The film was based Alton Crawford Brown is an American cinematographer, author, actor, and television personality. He is the creator and host of the Food Network television show Good Eats and the miniseries Feasting on For One Night is a 2006 film is based on the true story of Gerica McCrary, who made headlines in 2002 by getting Taylor County High School in her hometown of Butler, Georgia, to integrate the prom after Alyson Reed (born January 11, 1958) is an American dancer and actress. Reed grew up in Anaheim, California and attended Anaheim High School, where she graduated in 1976. She was a varsity songleader for Faith Hubley (16 September 1924 - 7 December 2001) was an animator, known for her experimental work both in collaboration with her husband John Hubley, and on her own following her husband's death. Alibi Bye Bye is a 1935 comedy short directed by Ben Holmes and released by RKO Radio Pictures. It is notable as the final film appearance of the comedy team of Bobby Clark and Paul McCullough. Willy Holt (30 November 1921 &ndash; 22 June 2007) was an American production designer and art director, who lived in France for many years and worked extensively for the French film industry. He was Shane Scott (born December 9, 1966, American director, writer, producer, cinematographer, editor and musician best known for making profitable, independent films with low budgets. He shoots and produces Alexandrea ""Alex"" Borstein American actress, singer, voice actress, writer and comedienne. She is best known for her long-running role as Lois Griffin on the animated television series Family Guy, and Frankie Thorn (born 27 August 1964) is an American actress best known for her role as ""The Nun"" opposite Harvey Keitel in Abel Ferrara's controversial 1992 film Bad Lieutenant . Glynn Russell Turman (born January 31, 1947) is an American stage, television, and film actor as well as a writer, director, and producer. He is perhaps best known for his roles as high school student Fredric Lehne (also known as Fredric Lane; born 3 February 1959, Buffalo, New York, USA) is an actor who has appeared in over 200 films, mini-series, and television shows as well as many stage productions Alan Beckwith is an American actor born in Tyrone, Pennsylvania on January 2, 1952. Graduated from high school in 1969 &amp; Penn State University in 1972 with a B.S. in Aerospace Engineering. Service Evel Knievel (October 17, 1938 – November 30, 2007), born Robert Craig Knievel, was an American motorcycle daredevil and entertainer famous in the United States and elsewhere between the late 1960s and Evalyn Knapp (June 17, 1906 &ndash; June 12, 1981) was an American film actress of the late 1920s, 1930s, and into the 1940s. She was a leading B-movie serial actress in the 1930s. Born as Evelyn Pauline William Lyman (born May 20, 1948) is an American actor, perhaps best known for his role as William Tell in the 1987 television series Crossbow and as the polished, resonant voice that has narrated the Larry Gates (September 24, 1915 - December 12, 1996) was an American actor probably best known for his role as H.B. Lewis on daytime's Guiding Light and as Doc Baugh in the film version of Cat on a Hot Shelby William Storck (October 3, 1916 - April 5, 1969) was an American newscaster, actor, writer, journalist, public relations specialist, and motion picture and television producer-director. He was Monster Dog, also known as Leviatán, The Bite and Los Perros de la Muerte, is a 1984 horror film written and directed by Claudio Fragasso. It was filmed in Torrelodones, Spain. Aggie Herring (4 February 1876 &ndash; 28 October 1939) was an American actress. She appeared in 119 films between 1915 and 1939. She was born in San Francisco, California and died in Santa Monica, Ca Andy Romano is an American actor, known for playing ""J.D. "" in the 1960s Beach Party movies. When the Beach Party saga ended, Romano went through much of the 1970s and 80s appearing in minor roles in Moonrunners is a 1975 film, and the precursor to The Dukes of Hazzard television series. The film was written and directed by Gy Waldron, based on the life and stories of Jerry Rushing. Ern Westmore (29 October 1904 - 1 February 1969), full name Ernest Henry Westmore, was a Hollywood make-up artist and sometimes actor, the third child in Frank Westmore's famed Westmore family tree. Perc Erik Barnouw (June 23, 1908 &ndash; July 19, 2001) was a U.S. historian of radio and television broadcasting. According to the Scribner Encyclopia of American Lives, Erik Barnouw was born in Den Haag GI Jesús (alternatively, G.I. Jesus), a film directed by Carl Colpaert, won the grand jury prize at the 2006 CineVegas Film Festival. Starring Joe Arquette as ""Jesús"" and Patricia Mota as ""Claudia"", Jesús Lance Fenton (born 1966) is an American film actor. Fenton played the role of Jay Jansen in Night of the Demons (1988). Later, he acted in Heathers (1989) opposite Christian Slater and Winona Ryder. Lawrence Samuel ""Larry"" Storch (born January 8, 1923) is an American actor best known for his comic television roles, including voice-over work for top cartoon shows, including Mr. Whoopee on Tennessee Severn Teakle Darden, Jr. (November 9, 1929 &ndash; May 27, 1995) was a comedian and actor, and an original member of The Second City Chicago-based comedy troupe as well as its predecessor, the Compass Eric Emerson (1945 &ndash; May 28, 1975) was an American musician, dancer, and actor. Emerson is best known for his roles in films by pop artist Andy Warhol, and as a member of the seminal glam punk group, Kurt Sutter (born January 5, 1966) is an American screenwriter, director, producer and actor. He is best known for his work as a writer and actor on The Shield, portraying enigmatic hitman Margos Dezerian. Gary Michael Goetzman (born November 6, 1952) is an American film and television producer, and is perhaps best known as co-founder of Playtone with Tom Hanks. Born in Los Angeles, Goetzman began his career Seth Peterson (born August 16, 1970) is an American actor, best known for his role as Robbie Hansen from 1999 until 2002 on the television series Providence. Peterson was born in The Bronx, New York, Jack Joseph Valenti (September 5, 1921&ndash;April 26, 2007) was a long-time president of the Motion Picture Association of America. During his 38-year tenure in the MPAA, he created the MPAA film rating Laura Ellen Ziskin (born 3 March 1950) is an American film producer. Ziskin became the first woman to produce the Academy Awards telecast alone in 2002. She repeated the job in 2007. Eric Aronson is an American screenwriter whose 2001 motion picture On the Line was produced and distributed by Miramax. He is also a semi-professional baseball player for the 2008 and 2009 MSBL Champion David Edward Blewitt (August 7, 1928 – July 8, 2010) was an American Academy Award-nominated and Emmy-winning film editor, whose credits included Ghostbusters in 1984. Blewitt earned an Academy Award Jack Hofsiss is an American director for theatre, film and television. His direction of The Elephant Man earned him a Tony Award (the youngest director to have ever received it at the time), Drama Desk Leatherheads is a 2008 American sports comedy film from Universal Pictures directed by and starring George Clooney. The film also stars Renée Zellweger, Jonathan Pryce and John Krasinski and focuses on Tawny Cypress is an American actress. She has appeared in various television and stage plays. She portrayed Simone Deveaux on the TV series Heroes. She previously starred on Fox's drama K-Ville as Ginger Gordon Scott (August 3, 1926 - April 30, 2007) was an American actor known for his portrayal of Tarzan in five films (and one compilation of three made-as-a-pilot television episodes) from 1955 to 196 Chris Eigeman (born March 1, 1965, in Denver, Colorado) is an American actor best known for roles in the Whit Stillman films Metropolitan, Barcelona, and The Last Days of Disco. He usually plays quick-witted, Taylor Negron (born August 1, 1957) is an American actor who appeared frequently in comedies of the 1980s and on television. He is a stand-up comedian and co-starred in the movie The Last Boy Scout. He Zina Bethune (born February 17, 1945 in New York City) is an American actress, dancer and choreographer. Bethune started formal ballet training at age 6 at George Balanchine's School of American Ballet. Gilbert Emery (June 11, 1875 - October 28, 1945) was the stage name of Gilbert Emery Bensley Pottle, an American actor who appeared in over 80 movies from 1921 to his death in 1945. Gilbert Price (1942 - 1991) was an American singer and actor. Price was one of Langston Hughes's protégés; his first starring role was in Hughes's Jericho-Jim Crow (1964), for which he won a Theatre World Gilman W. Rankin (April 17, 1911&ndash;October 31, 1993) was a Massachusetts-born actor who appeared primarily in television westerns between 1956 and 1975. Between 1957 and 1959, he had a supporting Zach Gilford (born January 14, 1982) is an American actor best known for his role as Matt Saracen on the NBC television drama series Friday Night Lights. Gilford starred alongside Terrell Owens in the Steve Loter is an American director and producer known for his animated work in television. Loter is perhaps best known as the director and producer of Kim Possible, Brandy and Mr. Whiskers, American Leprechaun 2 is a 1994 horror film sequel to Leprechaun which centers around a sadistically evil leprechaun hunting for a bride. This is the final Leprechaun film to be released in theaters. The rest Ken Webster is the artistic director of Hyde Park Theatre in Austin, Texas. He has been nominated for 47 B. Iden Payne Awards and 20 Critics' Table Awards for acting, directing, and producing. He has Steven Hill (born February 24, 1922) is an American film and television actor. His two better-known roles are District Attorney Adam Schiff on the NBC TV drama series Law &amp; Order, whom he portrayed Ken Jenkins (born August 28, 1940) is an American actor, best known for his role as Dr. Bob Kelso, the curmudgeonly Chief of Medicine on the American comedy Scrubs. He is of Welsh descent. In 1969, he Lester Lewis is an American television writer and producer, whose credits include sitcoms such as Flight of the Conchords, Caroline in the City and The Larry Sanders Show. He is currently a supervising Lewis Teague is a film director, whose work includes Alligator, Cat's Eye, Cujo, The Dukes of Hazzard: Reunion!, Navy SEALs and The Triangle. Teague is currently experimenting with digital film making, Bonnie Kathleen Curtis is an American film producer whose credits include Saving Private Ryan, A.I. , Minority Report, and The Lost World: Jurassic Park, directed by Steven Spielberg. Her first solo project Arthur Steven ""Artie"" Lange, Jr. (born October 11, 1967) is an American actor, comedian, radio personality and author. Lange is most notable for replacing Jackie Martling on The Howard Stern Show, and Glenn Taranto (born 27 January 1959) is an American actor and writer, perhaps best known for his role as Gomez on The New Addams Family. His Addams Family co-stars Brody Smith, Betty Phillips and Michael You So Crazy is a stand up comedy film starring Martin Lawrence. It was his first major film and stand up act. The film was directed by Thomas Schlamme, who is most notable for filming scores of television Sandy Collora (born August 8, 1968) is an American film director and design artist, best known for the independent short film Batman: Dead End. Collora was born in Brooklyn, New York. After freelance Jonathan Frederick Lawton (also known as J. F. Lawton), born on August 11, 1960 in Riverside, California, is an American screenwriter, film producer and film director. Screen credits include Pretty Woman, Katie Salen is a game designer, animator, and design educator. She has taught at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), the University of Texas at Austin, Parsons School of Design, New York University, Ellen Woglom (born April 18 1987) is an American actress. She is known for her supporting role in two separate cable series. Ellen plays Chelsea, the teenaged daughter of the dean in season 3 of the Showtime Yasmin Deliz (born June 2, 1987) is an American reggaetón singer-songwriter, model and actress of Dominican and Colombian parentage. She is best known for her work as co-host on mun2's music video countdown Eliza Patricia Dushku (born December 30, 1980) is an American actress best known for her television roles, including her recurring appearances as Faith on Buffy the Vampire Slayer and its spinoff series Wyatt Knight (born January 20, 1955) is an American actor, he is well known for his role as Tommy Turner in the Porky's trilogy. He has made guest appearances on numerous tv shows, with appearances on Woodrow Wilson Woolwine ""Woody"" Strode (July 25, 1914 – December 31, 1994) was a decathlete and football star who went on to become a pioneering African-American film actor. He was nominated for a Golden Eleanor Hunt (10 January 1910 - 12 June 1981) was an American film actress. She starred oppostie John Wayne in the 1934 film Blue Steel. She was married to actor Rex Lease and George Hirliman, the latter Swamp Women was one of the first films directed by Roger Corman. The story follows undercover police officer Lee Hampton who joins three female convicts and escapes from prison. The escape is part of Thomas Joseph ""T.J. "" Thyne (born March 7, 1975) is an American film and television actor. He was born in Boston to John J. Thyne II and Catherine Thyne, and has five siblings. He is best known for his Samuel Lloyd Haynes (September 19, 1934 – December 31, 1986) was an African-American actor and television writer. Haynes was a member of the Bahá'í Faith. Haynes served in the Marines from 1952–1964 and John William ""Will"" Ferrell (born July 16, 1967) is an American comedian, impressionist, actor, and writer. Ferrell first established himself in the late 1990s as a cast member on the NBC sketch comedy Talia Rubel is a film and theater actress. She graduated from the Mason Gross School of the Arts with a BFA in acting. Since that time, she has performed in a number of Off-Broadway plays, including 68 Gwen Wakeling (birth name Gwen Sewell) (b. March 3, 1901, Detroit, Michigan - d. June 16, 1982, Los Angeles, California) was a personal favourite of Cecil B. DeMille. Indeed her first film was his 1927 Edward Wiley is an actor who appeared in film and television throughout the 1980s and 1990s. He also directed an episode of Real Stories of the Highway Patrol called Missouri. Babe London (August 28, 1901 – November 29, 1980) was an American actress and comedian, most remembered for her onetime-only partnership with Oliver Hardy, in the 1931's Laurel and Hardy's two-reeler Edna Hibbard (May 12, 1895 – December 26, 1942) was a stage and motion picture actress from California. She had a sharp tongue and was known for her roles in comedy. Haley Bennett (born Haley Loraine Keeling on January 7, 1988) is an American singer and actress. She will star in the new FX series Outlaw Country with Luke Grimes and Mary Steenburgen. Hallam Cooley (February 8, 1895 &ndash; March 20, 1971) was an American actor of the silent era. He appeared in 106 films between 1913 and 1936. He was born in Brooklyn, New York and died in Tiburon, Wendy Kaplan is an actress who appeared in films, on television, and in theater. She is best known for her role in the 1989 hit horror movie Halloween 5: The Revenge of Michael Myers as Tina Williams. Jordan Lund (born May 7, 1957) is an American stage, film and television character actor. Lund was born in Long Island, New York, the son of Miriam and Marvin Lund. He also played the tyrant prison guard Jordan Elizabeth Ladd (born January 14, 1975) is an American actress. She began taking small film roles. She landed her first high-profile role in Never Been Kissed (1999). Since then, Ladd has portrayed Sam S. Millard (also known as Elid Stanch, ?? - 1950s) was a filmmaker of the 1920s through the 1950s and 1960s. Nicknamed ""Steamship"", he was one of the Forty Thieves of exploiters. Considered an early Loretta Swit (born November 4, 1937) is an American stage and television actress known for her character roles. Swit is best-known for her portrayal of Major Margaret ""Hot Lips"" Houlihan on M*A*S*H. Tenen Holtz (17 February 1877 &ndash; 1 July 1971) was a Russian actor. He appeared in nearly 60 films between 1926 and 1961. He was born Elihu ""Elye"" Tenenholtz in the hamlet of Azran, near the city Rupert Crosse (November 29, 1927 &ndash; March 5, 1973) was an American television and film actor. Crosse was the first African American to be nominated for a Best Supporting Actor Academy Award for his Bar Hopping is a 2002 comedy film directed by Steve Cohen starring Tom Arnold, Linda Favila, Nicole Sullivan, John Henson, Anson Downes, Romy Windsor, Scott Baio and Kevin Nealon. Synopsis: A myriad of Edward Phillip ""Ed"" O'Neill, Jr. (born April 12, 1946) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as the main character, Al Bundy, on the Fox Network sitcom Married... with Children, for which Warren Keith is an American character actor who has been featured in many contemporary films and has an active career on stage in San Francisco in the late 1990s and since 2000. He has taken part in four John Pardee is an American screenwriter and television producer, currently working as executive producer for Desperate Housewives. During the 1990s, Pardee wrote episodes of several television series, Earl Dittman is the owner and film critic for Wireless Magazines, a Houston, Texas - based syndicated journal distributed in movie theaters and record stores around the country. He is also a freelance Heber Holiday (2007), also known as Shooting Star, is a comedy film starring Torrey DeVitto as LA actress Sierra Young. Other cast included KC Clyde, Erin Chambers, Jimmy Chunga, Michael Birkeland and John Winslow Irving (born John Wallace Blunt, Jr. ; March 2, 1942) is an American novelist and Academy Award-winning screenwriter. Irving achieved critical and popular acclaim after the international Heidi Zeigler (born March 26, 1979) is a former child actress from the United States. Zeigler's biggest roles were in the television series Rags to Riches (1987–88) and Just the Ten of Us (1988–1990). Luci Romberg is an American stuntwoman. She lives in Hollywood, California. She has acted in several movies, including: Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, Changeling, and Walk Hard: The The Heiress is a 1949 American drama film. It was written by Ruth and Augustus Goetz, adapted from their 1947 play of the same title that was based on the 1880 novel Washington Square by Henry James. The Heretic is the second machinima series made by Edgeworks Entertainment. Like its predecessor, The Heretic is set in Bungie Studios' Halo video game universe. It is a prequel to the popular series Duet for One (1986) is a film based on an award-winning British play by Tom Kempinski about a world-famous concert violinist named Stephanie Anderson who is suddenly struck with multiple sclerosis. It Thelma Alice Todd (July 29, 1906 – December 16, 1935) was an American actress. Appearing in about 120 pictures between 1926 and 1935, she is best remembered for her comedic roles in films like Marx Brothers' Vincent Anthony ""Vince"" Vaughn (born March 28, 1970) is an American film actor, producer and comedian. He began acting in the late 1980s, appearing in minor television roles before experiencing wider John Richard Briley (b. 25 August 1925) is an American writer best known for screenplays of biopics. He won the Academy Award For Best Original Screenplay at the 1982 Oscars for Gandhi. As well as film Bee Ho Gray (born Emberry Cannon Gray on April 7, 1885 in Leon, Chickasaw Nation, Indian Territory - August 3, 1951 in Pueblo, Colorado) was a Western performer who spent fifty years displaying his skills Douglas Bourne, (born January 7, 1970) better known as Doug E. Doug is an actor, comedian, screenwriter, producer, and film director. He is best known for his roles as Griffin Vesey on the CBS sitcom Ronnie Cramer is an American artist, composer and filmmaker. Born in Bismarck, North Dakota, Cramer currently lives and works in Denver, Colorado. During the 1980s he produced watercolor paintings, video Irving Bacon (September 6, 1893 – February 5, 1965) was an American character actor who appeared in over 400 films. He played on the stage for a number of years before getting into films in 1920. Bacon Gregory Vincent ""Greg"" Collins (born December 8, 1952) is a former professional American football player who played in three National Football League seasons from 1975-1977 for the San Francisco 49ers, Dorothy Yost (25 April 1899 &ndash; 10 June 1967) was an American screenwriter. She wrote for 74 films between 1920 and 1966. She was born in St. Louis, Missouri and died in Monrovia, California. Hidden Places is a 2006 made for TV movie. It premiered on 28 January 2006 on Hallmark Channel. The film was directed by Yelena Lanskaya. The teleplay was by Robert Tate Miller and was based on the novel Ron Underwood (born 1953) is an American film director. Underwood was born in Glendale, California but spent some of his teenage years living as an exchange student in Sri Lanka. After graduating from Dance Madness is a 1926 comedy film directed by Robert Z. Leonard based upon a script by Frederica Sagor. The film stars Claire Windsor, Conrad Nagel and Hedda Hopper. Clara Bow has an early role. Benny Rubin (February 2, 1899–July 15, 1986) was an American comedian and film actor. Born in Boston, Massachusetts, Rubin made more than 200 radio, film and television appearances over a span of 50 y Verna Hillie (5 May 1914 - 3 October 1997) was an American film actress. She starred opposite John Wayne in the 1934 films The Star Packer and The Trail Beyond. She was later U.S. representative for Barbara Jodi Thelen (born June 12, 1962) is an American actress. Born in St. Cloud, Minnesota, Thelen made her screen debut as Georgia Miles, ""a willfully free-spirited girl, naive and narcissistic"" in Four Friends Verna Fields (née Hellman, 21 March 1918 &ndash; 30 November 1982) was an American film editor, film and television sound editor, educator, and entertainment industry executive. In the first phase of Holly Palance (born August 5, 1950) is an American actress. Palance was born in Los Angeles, California, the daughter of the actor Jack Palance and his wife Virginia Baker. Holly was the first of three Joan Alexandra Molinsky Sanger Rosenberg aka Joan Rivers (born June 8, 1933) is an American comedian, television personality and actress. She is known for her brash manner, her loud, raspy voice with Donald Freed (born 1933) is a politically-engaged American playwright, novelist, screenwriter, and actor. He has a long association with writing programs at the University of Southern California, and Greg M. Glienna is an American director and screenwriter best known as the creator of the original Meet the Parents. He also wrote A Guy Thing and wrote and directed Relative Strangers. He is also the Bernie West (May 30, 1918 &ndash; July 29, 2010) was an American television writer best known for his work in sitcoms such as All in the Family, its spinoff The Jeffersons and Three's Company. Hoodman Blind is a 1923 drama film directed by John Ford. The film is considered to be lost. It is a remake of a 1913 film of the same name directed by James Gordon. Roger Michael Watkins was a film director best known for the notorious 1970s grindhouse movie Last House on Dead End Street. He also directed several porn films. He worked with famous porn actors like Boys to Board is the 11th Our Gang short subject comedy released. The Our Gang series (later known as ""The Little Rascals"") was created by Hal Roach in 1922, and continued production until 1944. Bert Remsen (February 25, 1925 – April 22, 1999) was an American actor. Remsen was born in Glen Cove, New York on Long Island. He played character roles in numerous films directed by Robert Altman, including: Todd Bryant (born October 8, 1963) is an American actor and stuntman who is perhaps most notable for having appeared in three Star Trek movies. He played one of the engineering cadets in Star Trek II: Jim Reardon is an animation director and storyboard consultant, best known for his work on the animated TV series The Simpsons. He has directed over 30 episodes of the series, and was credited as a supervising Todd Jadlow was center/forward standing at 6-9 for the Indiana University (Bloomington) Hoosiers from 1985-89, Jadlow was a member of Knight's junior college recruits and one of Knight's all-time favorites.. Betty Harte (13 May 1882 &ndash; 3 January 1965), was an American actress of the silent era. She appeared in 108 films between 1908 and 1916. She was born in Lebanon, Pennsylvania and died in Sunland, Roger Blonder is an independent animator and educator born in 1967 in Los Angeles, California. Blonder received his MFA from the UCLA School of Theater, Film and Television. He has taught animation at Marc Bentley, a young American actor, was born in 1968 and grew up in Southern California. He was a popular television actor in the late 1970s and early 1980s. The epitome of those sun-blonded surf and Don Franklin (born December 14, 1960) is an American actor, best known for his roles in seaQuest DSV as Commander Jonathan Ford, Seven Days as Captain Craig Donovan, and as one of The Young Riders (Noah Marc Robbins (3 January 1868 &ndash; 5 April 1931), was an American actor of the silent era. He appeared in 78 films between 1914 and 1923. He died in Los Angeles, California. Valerie Cruz (born July 18, 1976) is an American actress. Cruz was born in Elizabeth, New Jersey of Cuban ancestry. She attended Florida State University and received a BFA theatre degree. She has appeared Bill Carter is a writer and director. He directed the documentary film Miss Sarajevo, which consists of amateur video material he shot during his stay in the besieged city of Sarajevo. He is the author Robin Spriggs is an enigmatic figure in a variety of artistic fields, including dark fantasy literature,http://www. locusmag. com/index/yr2000/d61. htm#A3691 theatre, and film. http://poll. imdb. com/name/nm0819660/ William ""Bill"" Condon (born October 22, 1955) is an American screenwriter and director. Condon is best known for directing and writing the critically acclaimed films Gods and Monsters, Chicago, Kinsey, Dolores Hart (born Dolores Hicks on October 20, 1938 in Chicago, Illinois) is an American Roman Catholic nun and former actress. She made 10 films in 5 years, playing opposite Stephen Boyd, Montgomery Hugs and Mugs is the 121st short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. Bill Pankow (born 1952) is an American film editor with more than 32 film credits dating from 1982. He won the Seattle Film Critics Award for Best Editing in 2002 for his work on Femme Fatale. Femme Fatale Gregg Toland, A.S.C. (May 29, 1904 - September 26, 1948) was an American cinematographer noted for his innovative use of lighting and techniques such as deep focus, an example of which can be found in Jerry Mandy (5 June 1892 &ndash; 1 May 1945) was an American film actor. He appeared in 114 films between 1923 and 1945. He was born in Utica, New York and died in Hollywood, California from a heart a Robert Rossen (March 16, 1908 &ndash; February 18, 1966) was an American screenwriter, film director, and producer. After writing and directing for the stage, Rossen moved to Hollywood in 1937. His film Billy House (May 7, 1889 – September 23, 1961) was an American vaudevillian, Broadway performer and feature film actor. After devoting most of his career to live performance, he moved to Hollywood where Mark Livolsi is an American film editor. He is primarily known for his work on the hit comedies Wedding Crashers (2005) and The Devil Wears Prada (2006); for each film, Livolsi was nominated for an ACE Hunter Carson (born December 26, 1975) is an American actor, screenwriter, producer and director. Carson was born in Los Angeles, California, the son of actress Karen Black and actor, producer, screenwriter Billy Weber is an American film editor with more than twenty film credits dating from Days of Heaven (1978). One of Weber's first editing roles was as associate editor (as William Weber) on Terrence Malick's Robert Lorenz is a producer, best known for his collaborations with Clint Eastwood. He has produced Mystic River (for which he earned an Academy Award nomination for Best Picture and lost), Flags of Our Robert Funaro (born January 23, 1959) is an American film and television actor. Funaro is best known for the role of Eugene Pontecorvo in the Emmy Award-winning television series The Sopranos. His last Jeff Preiss is an American filmmaker. He graduated from the Bard College film program in 1979 having studied with Adolfas Mekas, Bruce Baillie, Warren Sonbert, and P. Adams Sitney. During the eighties Dameon J. Clarke (born January 16, 1972) is an Canadian-born American actor and voice actor who currently resides in Los Angeles. He has worked on numerous Film and Television productions as well as many Robert Clouse (March 6, 1928 – February 4, 1997) was an American film director and producer, known primarily for his work in the action/adventure and martial arts genres. He died in February 4, 1997 in Brian Joshua Presley (born August 18, 1977) is an American actor. Presley started his career with a handful of guest appearances on television shows such as Beverly Hills, 90210, Any Day Now, and 7th Jean Dorothy Seberg (November 13, 1938 – August 30, 1979) was an American actress. She starred in 37 films in Hollywood and in France, including the musical Paint Your Wagon (1969) and the disaster film Mark Wilding is a two-time Emmy nominated American television producer and screenwriter, most notably for the series Grey's Anatomy and Charmed. Wilding graduated from the University of Massachusetts Jean Arthur (October 17, 1900 – June 19, 1991) was an American actress and a major film star of the 1930s and 1940s. She remains arguably the epitome of the female screwball comedy actress. As James Harvey Martha Ellen Scott (September 22, 1912 – May 28, 2003) was an American actress best known for her roles as mother of the lead character in numerous films and television shows. Birds Do It is a 1966 comedy movie that was made by Columbia Pictures and filmed at the Ivan Tors Studios in Miami. It stars Soupy Sales in his film debut as a leading man, Tab Hunter, Arthur O'Connell, Marty Pollio (born February 22, 1955) is an American stand-up comedian and actor. He appeared twice on The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson and once in a skit on the show with Jay Leno. He also guest starred Cynthia Sikes (born January 2, 1954; Coffeyville, Kansas) is an American actress known for her television roles. On JAG, she played the love interest of Adm. Albert Jethro 'A.J. ' Chegwidden. Her breakthrough Dick Warlock (born February 5, 1940) is an American actor and stuntman. He is best known for playing Michael Myers in Halloween II and he was Kurt Russell's personal stunt double for over 25 years. Warlock Rick Gitelson is an Emmy Award-winning American television and film producer and screenwriter. Among the shows Gitelson has written and/or produced are Imagination Movers, Handy Manny, Rugrats, LazyTown, Richard J. Zobel (June 5, 1952 – October 4, 2005) was an American actor. Zobel was born in West Chester, Pennsylvania, and moved to New York City for his acting career. He starred in All's Well That Ends Diana Darrin (b. April 1, 1933) is an American film actress and singer. She has made over 35 film and television appearances, and is the mother of actor Evan Richards, who appeared in Down and Out in Richard Stahl (4 January 1932 – 18 June 2006) was an American actor who mostly appeared in film and TV comedies. Born in Detroit, he studied at the American Academy of Dramatic Arts in New York. In the Jane Murfin (October 27, 1884 - August 10, 1955) was an American playwright and screenwriter. Born in Quincy, Michigan, Murfin began her career with the play Lilac Time, which she co-wrote with Jane Cowl. Tyler Pierce is an American actor. Pierce has acted in plays on and off Broadway, including a starring role in the play Fat Pig written by Neil LaBute. He has also acted abroad in Dublin, Ireland and Jamie Marsh (born September 17, 1966) is an American theatre and film actor. Marsh was born in New York City. In 1981 while living in Stockholm, Sweden with his family, Jamie was cast in his first movie, Nancy Kelly (March 25, 1921 &ndash; January 2, 1995) was an American actress, who was a movie leading lady in the 1930s, making 36 movies between 1926 and 1977, including portraying Tyrone Power's love James Tomio Saito (born March 6, 1955) is an American actor of stage, motion pictures, and television. He is best known for his physical portrayal of Shredder in the 1990 film Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles; Matt Keeslar (born October 15, 1972) is an American actor. Keeslar was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan, the son of Fred Keeslar and Ann Ferguson, who divorced in 1977. Keeslar is known for his roles in Matthew Betz (13 September 1881, St. Louis, Missouri &ndash; 26 January 1938, Sawtelle, California) was an American film actor. After an extended career in the U.S. Cavalry, he spent eight years in Vaudeville. Maude George (15 August 1888 &ndash; 10 October 1963) was an American actress of the silent era. She is remembered primarily as a regular of director Eric von Stroheim's stock company of actors appearing Clarence Linden ""Buster"" Crabbe (February 7, 1908 – April 23, 1983) was an American athlete and actor, who starred in a number of popular serials in the 1930s and 1940s. The Bank Dick (released as The Bank Detective in the United Kingdom) is a 1940 comedy film. (At the time, dick was common USA slang for detective. ) W. C. Fields plays a character named Egbert Sousé who Elmer Earl ""Butch"" Hartman IV (born January 10, 1965) is an American animator, executive producer, animation director, storyboard artist, producer, and creator of the animated series, The Fairly OddParents Robert Camposecco (born March 9, 1983), better known as Bobby Campo is an American actor. He is perhaps best known for playing the protagonist Nick O'Bannon in the 2009 horror film The Final Destination. The Big Green is a Walt Disney Pictures film starring Steve Guttenberg and Olivia D'Abo, written and directed by Holly Goldberg Sloan. It also stars Bug Hall, Chauncey Leopardi, and Patrick Renna. The Deborah Rush (born April 10, 1954) is an American actress. Rush has worked in television, film and on Broadway. In 1984, she was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actress in Tyler Perry (born Emmitt Perry, Jr. September 13, 1969) is an American actor, director, playwright, screenwriter, producer, and author. Already a successful artist in Southern theatre, Perry began to Death Wish 3 is a 1985 action film starring Charles Bronson as vigilante killer Paul Kersey and is the second sequel to the 1974 film Death Wish. It was written by Don Jakoby (under the pseudonym Michael Regina Carrol (May 2, 1943 &ndash; November 4, 1992) was an American performer, born as Regina Carol Gelfan, mostly remembered for her roles in films directed by her husband, Al Adamson. Trenton Lawson ""Trent"" Lehman (February 23, 1961 &ndash; January 18, 1982) was an American child actor, best known for his role as Butch Everett on Nanny and the Professor. He also played a young George Rebel Randall (January 22, 1921 – July 22, 2010), was an American film actress. She appeared in approximately 50 films between 1940 and 1956. Randall died at age 89 on July 22, 2010. Dean Riesner (November 3, 1918, New York – August 18, 2002, Encino, California) was a prolific American film and television writer. Riesner's father was a silent film director, and Dean began acting in Boyd Payne Gaines (born May 11, 1953) is an American stage, film, and television actor. Gaines was born in Atlanta, Georgia to Ida and James Gaines. He has appeared in a number of films and television Raymond Scott (born Harry Warnow, 10 September 1908 &mdash; 8 February 1994), was an American composer, band leader, pianist, engineer, recording studio maverick, and electronic instrument inventor. He Byron Foulger (born 27 August 1899 in Ogden, Utah; died 4 April 1970 in Hollywood, California) was an American film character actor with a familiar face who appeared in hundreds of movies and dozens of Irene Diamond (May 7, 1910 &ndash; January 21, 2003) was a Hollywood talent scout and later in life a prominent philanthropist. She was married to prominent realtor Aaron Diamond and lived in New York Ivette Maritza Sosa is a Puerto Rican singer and dancer (born September 15, 1976) was born in Perth Amboy, New Jersey U.S. Ivette found she had a passion for stage and she began dancing at 3 years old. Ray Stricklyn (born Lewis Raymond Stricklyn) (October 8, 1928 – May 14, 2002) was a prolific American film actor, stage actor, television actor, soap opera star and publicist. His 50-year acting career Raymond Earl Middleton, Jr. (February 8, 1907 – April 10, 1984), known and billed as Ray Middleton, was an American character actor. Born in Chicago, Illinois, Middleton was the first actor to play Superman David Weddle is an American television producer and writer, best known for episodes of Star Trek: Deep Space Nine (1996–1999), The Twlight Zone (2002–2003), and Battlestar Galactica (2004–2009) with writing David Tamkin (28 August 1906 – 21 June 1975) was an American composer of Jewish descent. He devoted much of his professional career as an arranger, composer [uncredited uncredited] and orchestrator of Tom Laughlin (born August 10, 1931) is an American actor, director, screenwriter, author, educator and political activist. Laughlin is best known for his series of Billy Jack films. He has been married Brian Stack (born August 18, 1967) is an American actor/writer/comedian best known for his sketch comedy work on Late Night with Conan O’Brien and The Tonight Show with Conan O'Brien. Brie Larson (born Brianne Sidonie Desaulniers; October 1, 1989) is an American actor and pop rock singer/songwriter. She is best known for her roles in United States of Tara, Sleepover and Remember The David Shaber (1929 - November 4, 1999) was an American screenwriter and theatre producer, best known for writing The Warriors, Nighthawks and The Hunt for Red October Shaber was born and raised in Cleveland, C.J. Sanders (born September 18, 1996) is an American child actor. Two of his more notable roles have been in the movie Ray, where played a young Ray Charles, and the television show Six Feet Under, where Michael S. Pope, is an award-winning underground filmmaker and multi-media artist best known as auteur of the feature Film/Event: Neovoxer. Neovoxer is an experimental, non-dialogue feature film, accompanied Tippy Walker (born February 19, 1947) is a former American child actress, best known for her role in the film The World of Henry Orient (1964). Born Elizabeth Tipton Walker in New York City, her father Tim Realbuto (born September 1, 1984) is an American actor/singer. Realbuto is a Brooklyn native. He has appeared on screen opposite Kevin Kline in the Universal Pictures release The Emperor's Club. Other Mick LaSalle (born May 7, 1959) is an American film critic currently writing for the San Francisco Chronicle and the author of two books on pre-code Hollywood. As of March 2008, he has written in excess J. T. Tepnapa is an American writer, producer, actor, and director. Tepnapa has made several short films since 2000 with his company, Blue Seraph Productions. His most awarded film is the 1950s spoof Vera Mindy Chokalingam (born June 24, 1979), better known as Mindy Kaling, is an American actress, writer and producer who stars as Kelly Kapoor on the NBC sitcom The Office. Kaling is also a co-executive Butch Jamie is a gender-bending comedy film that premiered in July 2007 at Outfest: the Los Angeles Gay and Lesbian Film Festival. Writer, director, and lead actress Michelle Ehlen won Outfest's Grand James Clavell, born Charles Edmund Dumaresq Clavell (10 October 1924 – 7 September 1994) was a British (later naturalized American) novelist, screenwriter, director and World War II veteran and prisoner James Arthur Crumley (12 October 1939 &ndash; 17 September 2008) was the author of violent hardboiled crime novels and several volumes of short stories and essays, as well as published and unpublished Virgil Charles Frye is an American actor and former Golden Gloves boxing champion. He grew up in Estherville, Iowa. He has two children, Sean Frye and Soleil Moon Frye, and is the father-in-law of Jason James Frawley (b. 1937) is an American director and actor. Frawley was born in Houston, Texas. He has worked on Smallville, The Ghost Whisperer, Judging Amy and The Monkees, as well as many other prog Monica Breen is an American television producer, production designer, television writer, and executive story editor. She is currently working on Brothers &amp; Sisters as its show runner and supervising James Wheaton (January 11, 1924 - June 9, 2002), was an American motion picture and television actor. He may be best known as the voice actor ""OMM"" in George Lucas's THX 1138, a role for which he was Janice Felice Karman (born May 21, 1954) is an American film producer, record producer, singer, and voice artist. She is the co-owner of Bagdasarian Productions with her husband Ross Bagdasarian, Jr. Ida Darling was an actress of the stage and in silent motion pictures. She was born in New York, New York and died in Hollywood, California at the age of 75. Ida performed on the New York stage for forty Jeffrey Allan ""Jeff"" Anderson (born April 21, 1970) is an American film actor, film director, and screenwriter best known for starring as Randal Graves in Clerks and Clerks II. In between, he has appeared Walter Elias ""Walt"" Disney (December 5, 1901 – December 15, 1966) was an American film producer, director, screenwriter, voice actor, animator, entrepreneur, entertainer, international icon, and philanthropist. Jeffery James ""Jeff"" Tremaine (born September 4, 1966) is an American film and television producer/director, and, along with Johnny Knoxville and Spike Jonze, one of the creators of MTV's Jackass. He Ib Jørgen Melchior (born September 17, 1917) is a novelist, short story writer, film producer, film director, and screenwriter of low-budget American science fiction movies, most of them released by American Jeremy Rowley is an American character actor and comedian. He has appeared in a number of television shows and movies, often portraying somewhat ""ballistic"" characters, especially on television shows. Moroni Olsen (June 27, 1889 – November 22, 1954) was an American actor. Olsen was born in Ogden, Utah to Mormon parents who named him after the prophet Moroni. After having worked on Broadway he made"
Category:American_films	11640	Category:Arts/Category:Creative_works/Category:American_films Category:Humanities/Category:Area_studies/Category:American_studies/Category:American_media/Category:American_films Category:Society/Category:American_society/Category:American_media/Category:American_films Category:Humanities/Category:Entertainment/Category:American_films Category:Society/Category:Entertainment/Category:American_films Category:Culture/Category:Entertainment/Category:American_films	"Dick Tracy's G-Men is a 15-Chapter Republic Movie Serial based on the Dick Tracy comic strip by Chester Gould. It was directed by William Witney and John English. This serial was the fifteenth of the Forged is a 2010 drama directed by William Wedig starring Manny Perez, David Castro, Jaime Tirelli, Kevin Breznehan, and Margo Martindale. The film is a gritty, redemptive story about a father and son The Missing Person is a 2009 dramedy-mystery film written and directed by American independent filmmaker Noah Buschel and starring Academy Award-nominees Michael Shannon and Amy Ryan. It was first released The Lost Battalion is the 1919 film about units of the 77th Infantry Division penetrating deep into the Argonne Forest of France during World War I. The soldiers under the command of Major Charles Whittlesey The Long Gray Line is a 1955 American drama film directed by John Ford based on the life of Marty Maher. Tyrone Power stars as the scrappy Irish immigrant whose 50-year career at West Point took him from The Little Brother is a 1917 American silent drama directed by Charles Miller and starring William Garwood and Australian actress Enid Bennett. The scenario was written by Lambert Hillyer based on a story The Last Seduction is a neo-noir 1994 film directed by John Dahl. The movie features Linda Fiorentino as the femme fatale, Peter Berg as a small town man whose one night affair turns into more than he The Horse Soldiers is a 1959 DeLuxe Color war film, set in the American Civil War, directed by John Ford, starring John Wayne, William Holden and Constance Towers. The film was based on Harold Sinclair's The Electric House is a 1922 short comedy film directed by and starring Buster Keaton. The known version today is actually the second version filmed. During the original shoot in 1920, Keaton suffered Luke Lugs LuggageDirected by Hal RoachProduced by Hal RoachStarring Harold LloydRelease date(s) January 12, 1916&#160;(1916-01-12)Country United StatesLanguage SilentEnglish intertitles Luke Lugs Luggage Murphy's Romance is a 1985 romantic comedy film adapted by Harriet Frank Jr. and Irving Ravetch from a story by Max Schott and directed by Martin Ritt. The movie stars Sally Field (also executive producer), Nietzsche is a 2003 American short film directed by Bryan Harley. The movie is about two coworkers have a conversation about the philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche. Starring Andrew Isaac as Ezekiel and Jared Bridge to the Sun is a 1961 film, directed by Etienne Périer, starring Carroll Baker, James Shigeta, James Yagi and Tetzuro Tamba. It is based on the 1957 autobiography Bridge To The Sun by Gwendolen Cocoon: The Return is a 1988 science fiction film that is the sequel to the 1985 film Cocoon. All of the starring actors from the first film reprised their roles in this film, although Brian Dennehy only Die, Mommie, Die! is a 1999 comedic play written by Charles Busch, who also plays the lead role (in drag). Partly spoof and partly homage, it draws heavily on the tropes and themes of American ""Grande Fiend of Dope Island also released as Whiplash was a lurid men's adventure type motion picture filmed in 1959 and released in 1961. It starred and was co-written by Bruce Bennett and was the final film The Bat Whispers is a mystery film directed by Roland West, produced by Joseph M. Schenck, and released by United Artists. It is the second film based on the 1920 hit Broadway play The Bat by Mary Roberts Superman is a 1978 superhero film based on the DC Comics character of the same name. Richard Donner directed the film, which stars Christopher Reeve as Superman, as well as Gene Hackman, Margot Kidder, Snakes on a Train is an action/horror B-movie released direct to DVD by The Asylum on August 15, 2006. Continuing The Asylum's notoriety of capitalizing on major films with low-budget films with similar Aces: Iron Eagle III is a 1992 war film directed by John Glen. The film starred Louis Gossett Jr. as Chappy Sinclair, reprising his role from the prior films in the series, Iron Eagle and Iron Eagle II. One Froggy Evening is an approximately seven-minute long Technicolor animated short film written by Michael Maltese and directed by Chuck Jones, with musical direction by Milt Franklyn. This popular short The Cutting Edge is a 1992 romantic comedy film directed by Paul Michael Glaser and written by Tony Gilroy. The plot is about a very rich, spoiled figure skater who is paired with a has-been ice hockey Ice Queen, originally titled Avalanche Run, is a 2005 American horror film co-written and directed by Neil Kinsella and starring Ami Chorlton. The principal photography was conducted in Vermont and the The Long Way Out is an American-made short film dealing with Hollywood and the lengths a person will go to regain fame. The film is directed, written, and produced by Vicente de Jesus de la Vega II of Buccaneer's Girl is a 1950 American romantic adventure film directed by Frederick De Cordova and starring Yvonne De Carlo, Philip Friend and Robert Douglas. A New Orleans singer becomes involved with Final Destination 2 is a 2003 horror film and sequel to the 2000 film Final Destination. Directed by David R. Ellis starring A. J. Cook as Kimberly Corman, and Ali Larter as Clear Rivers. The film is The Matinee Idol is a 1928 silent romantic comedy film directed by Frank Capra, and starring Bessie Love and Johnnie Walker. A Broadway star falls in love with a woman who does not know his real identity. The Perez Family is a comedy film released in 1995, about a group of Cuban refugees in America, who pretend to be a family. It starred Marisa Tomei, Alfred Molina, Anjelica Huston, Chazz Palminteri, and The Beat Generation is a 1959 film by MGM starring Steve Cochran and Mamie Van Doren, with Ray Danton, Fay Spain, Maggie Hayes, Jackie Coogan, Louis Armstrong, Maila Nurmi, and Ray Anthony. It is a sensationalistic Painters Painting: The New York Art Scene 1940-1970 is a 1972 documentary directed by Emile de Antonio. It covers American art movements from abstract expressionism to pop art through conversations with Dance, Girl, Dance is a film released in 1940, directed by Dorothy Arzner. In 2007, Dance, Girl, Dance was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress Forsaking All Others is a 1934 motion picture directed by W.S. Van Dyke, and starring Joan Crawford, Clark Gable and Robert Montgomery. In this ""comedy of errors"", three friends of long-standing are involved Fireproof is a 2008 American Christian drama film by Samuel Goldwyn Films and Sherwood Pictures, directed by Alex Kendrick, who co-wrote and co-produced it with Stephen Kendrick. The film stars Kirk Cameron, Bedlam (1946) is a film starring Boris Karloff and Anna Lee, and was the last in a series of stylish B films produced by Val Lewton for RKO Radio Pictures. The film was inspired by William Hogarth's A Flying Saucer Daffy is the 187th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. Over Her Dead Body is a romantic comedy film starring Eva Longoria Parker, Paul Rudd, Lake Bell, Jason Biggs, Lindsay Sloane, Colin Fickes and Stephen Root. It was written and directed by Jeff Lowell. The Strange Door is a horror film, released by Universal Pictures. The film starred Charles Laughton, Boris Karloff, and Sally Forrest. It was directed by Joseph Pevney and was based on the short story, A Woman Called Golda is a 1982 made-for-television film biopic of Israeli Prime Minister Golda Meir. Made by Paramount Television and directed by Alan Gibson, the film stars Ingrid Bergman in the title A Night Full of Rain is an Italian American film directed by Lina Wertmüller and stars Candice Bergen and Giancarlo Giannini. Lina Wertmuller was nominated as best director at the 28th Berlin International Day One is a made-for-TV documentary-drama movie about The Manhattan Project, the research and development of the atomic bomb during World War II. It is based on the book by Peter Wyden. The movie was Claire is a 2001 film by Milford Thomas. Claire’s story is loosely based on Kaguyahime, on an old Japanese fairy tale about an elderly childless couple that finds a child from the moon in a stalk of bamboo Cheerleader Ninjas is a 2002 camp/action film directed by Kevin Campbell. In the film, the internet must be rescued from the control of a religious fanaticism group by four cheerleader ninjutsu students Dick Tracy Returns is a Republic Movie serial based on the Dick Tracy comic strip. It was the eleventh of the sixty six serials Republic produced and a sequel to the 1937 serial Dick Tracy, with Ralph The Grey Sisterhood is a 1916 American silent short mystery directed by Edward LeSaint. Starring William Garwood in the lead role it was the second film in the five film series of the Lord John's Jour Those Awful Hats is a 1909 short comedy film directed by D.W. Griffith. It takes place in a small, crowded movie theatre, where the patrons are perpetually distracted by people - primarily women - wearing Note: This article is about the Full Moon Features film Dollman. For the movie's character article, please see Brick Bardo. For the DC Comics character, see Doll Man. Dollman is a 1991 sci-fi action film Perils of the Wild is a 1925 adventure film serial directed by Francis Ford. The film is considered to be lost. This serial was based on The Swiss Family Robinson by Johann David Wyss. ""I Can Hardly Wait"" is the 73rd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. Founded in 1981,The American Film Market (AFM) is an annual event which attracts over 8,000 industry attendees to Santa Monica, California for eight days in early November. Participants from over 70 countries Those Happy DaysDirected by Fatty ArbuckleEdward DillonStarring Fatty ArbuckleRelease date(s) 23 July 1914Country United StatesLanguage SilentEnglish intertitles Those Happy Days is a 1914 short comedy The House I Live In is a ten-minute short film written by Albert Maltz, produced by Frank Ross and Mervyn LeRoy, and starring Frank Sinatra. Made to oppose anti-Semitism and racial prejudice at the end The Littlest Outlaw is a film produced by Walt Disney. It was filmed entirely on location in Mexico in English, with a largely Mexican cast and crew and released on December 22, 1955. It was directed Claudine is a 1974 American film produced by Third World Films and released to theatres by 20th Century Fox. Starring James Earl Jones, Diahann Carroll, and Lawrence Hilton-Jacobs, Claudine was written Phantom from Space is a United States science fiction film produced in 1953. The film was produced and directed by W. Lee Wilder from an original screenplay written by William Raynor and Myles Wilder. The Magic of Lassie is a 1978 Wrather Corporation film. It features James Stewart in one of only two musical film roles that he played (the first was in 1936's Born to Dance, in which Stewart introduced Patton is a 1970 American biographical war film about U.S. General George S. Patton during World War II. It stars George C. Scott, Karl Malden, Michael Bates, and Karl Michael Vogler. It was directed Amityville Dollhouse is the eighth and final installment in the Amityville Horror saga, released directly to video in 1996. Lionsgate Home Entertainment released the film on DVD in 2004. It was not a Banking on Heaven is a documentary film which exposes the largest polygamous enclave in the United States and its leader, Warren Jeffs. Banking on Heaven was written, produced, and narrated by Laurie The Ox-Bow Incident is a 1943 American western film directed by William A. Wellman and starring Henry Fonda, Dana Andrews, Mary Beth Hughes, Anthony Quinn, William Eythe, Harry Morgan and Jane Darwell King of the Elves is an upcoming animated film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. Based on a story by Philip K. Dick, the film was originally to have been directed by Aaron Blaise and Robert Walker, Hollywood Chinese: The Chinese in American Featured Films is a 2007 American documentary film directed by Academy Award-nominated director Arthur Dong. From early films like the 1900's Beheading the Chinese Plunder of the Sun is a 1949 novel by David F. Dodge about a hunt for ancient Peruvian treasure. It was made into a 1953 movie of the same name starring Glenn Ford and relocated to Mexico. Duel Personalities is a 1939 Our Gang short comedy film directed by George Sidney. It was the 177th Our Gang short (178th episode, 89th talking short, 90th talking episode, and 9th MGM produced episode) Hollyrock-a-Bye Baby is an animated television movie based on the original series classic, The Flintstones and its spinoff, The Pebbles and Bamm-Bamm Show. It first aired on ABC on December 5, 1993; it The Rift (Endless Descent) is a 1989 film directed by Juan Piquer Simón and starring R. Lee Ermey involving a submarine rescue that goes awry. It is one of many underwater-themed movies released around Ghosts on the Loose is a 1943 American film and the fourteenth film in the East Side Kids series, directed by William Beaudine. The film was released in the United Kingdom as Ghosts in the Night. Lady Magdalene's is an independently produced feature film starring Star Trek's Uhura, Nichelle Nichols. Nichols produced the film with J. Neil Schulman, who wrote the original screenplay and was its Gravity Is My Enemy is a 1977 short documentary film about quadriplegic visual artist Mark Hicks, directed by John C. Joseph. It won an Academy Award in 1978 for Documentary Short Subject. Surprised Parties is a 1942 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 206th Our Gang short (207th episode, 118th talking short, 119th talking episode, and 38th MGM produced episode) Rabbits is a 2002 series of short films written and directed by David Lynch. It consists of an 8-episode series of short videos. The series was formerly shown exclusively on DavidLynch. com, but is no Radioactive Dreams is a 1985 post-apocalyptic sci fi-comedy film about two young men who have spent the last fifteen years holed up in a fallout shelter with nothing but 1940s noir fiction and other memorabilia. Big Jack is a 1949 film starring Wallace Beery, Richard Conte, and Marjorie Main. The movie was directed by Richard Thorpe. This was Wallace Beery's final film, believed to be his 230th; he died in April For other films about the Alamo, see Alamo_(disambiguation)#Films. Heroes of the Alamooriginal film posterDirected by Harry L. FraserProduced by Anthony J. XydiasWritten by Roby WentzStarring Bruce WarrenLane The Thundering Herd is a 1933 Western film starring Randolph Scott, Buster Crabbe, Noah Beery, Raymond Hatton, and Harry Carey. The movie is a remake of a 1925 version, and both Noah Beery and Raymond Yankee Doodle Dandy is a 1942 American biographical musical film about George M. Cohan (pronounced ""Coe-Han""), the actor / singer / dancer / playwright / songwriter / producer / theatre owner / director Scheming Schemers is the 173rd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. Fifi Blows Her Top is the 184th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. Five Dollars a Day (also spelled as $5 a Day) is a comedy film directed by Nigel Cole and starring Christopher Walken, Alessandro Nivola, Amanda Peet, and Sharon Stone. The project dates back to 2003 Flipped is a film directed by Rob Reiner. It is an adaptation of the novel Flipped by Wendelin Van Draanen. It had a limited release in the US on August 6, 2010. The film had a wide release on August The Burial Society is a 2002 is a neo-noir thriller film written and directed by Nicholas Racz. The film stars Rob LaBelle, Jan Rubes, Allan Rich, Bill Meilen, Seymour Cassel, and David Paymer. The film The Popeye Song Folio is a collection of 24 songs issued by Popular Melodies, Inc. 1619 Broadway, New York City in 1936. They contain the tunes played in the various Popeye cartoon short series directed Hollywood on Parade is a series of short subjects released by Paramount Studios. One short (# B-9) is frequently misidentified as Curly Howard's first appearance on film, as cited by historians, because Ants in the Pantry is the 12th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. Hangman's House is a 1928 romantic drama genre silent film set in Co. Wicklow, Ireland, directed by John Ford (uncredited) with intertitles written by Malcolm Stuart Boylan. It is based on a novel by Lansky is a 1999 American made-for-television crime drama film. Directed by John McNaughton, it stars Richard Dreyfuss as the famous gangster Meyer Lansky, Eric Roberts as Bugsy Siegel, and Ryan Merriman Pushover is a film noir notable for being the first film to feature Kim Novak in a starring role. The Columbia Pictures picture also stars Fred MacMurray as a good cop gone bad. It was adapted from two Tennessee Johnson is a 1942 American film about Andrew Johnson, the 17th president of the United States. It was directed by William Dieterle and written by Milton Gunzburg, Alvin Meyers, John Balderston, And the Angels Sing is a classic example of a film musical written to capitalize on the title of a previously popular song; in this case Benny Goodman's 1939 number one hit song, ""And the Angels Sing"" Pride of the Bowery is a black and white 1941 film and the fourth installment in the East Side Kids series. It was directed by Joseph H. Lewis and produced by Sam Katzman. It was released by Monogram Mickey's Rescue is a 1934 talkie short film in Larry Darmour's Mickey McGuire series starring a young Mickey Rooney. Directed by Jesse Duffy, the two-reel short was released to theaters on March 23, 1934 Captivity is a 2007 thriller film starring Elisha Cuthbert, and directed by Roland Joffé. It was released in the United Kingdom, Spain, and Argentina on June 22; in the United States on July 13; and in The Burning Plain is a 2008 drama film directed and written by Guillermo Arriaga, the screenwriter of Amores perros (2000), 21 Grams (2003), and Babel (2006). The film stars Charlize Theron, Jennifer Rolling is a 2007 independent drama film about a diverse group of characters who are linked by the drug MDMA (""Ecstasy""). The faux documentary takes a tough yet entertaining realistic look at how this Glitter is a 2001 American drama film directed by Vondie Curtis-Hall and starring R&amp;B singer, songwriter Mariah Carey. It was produced by 20th Century Fox and Columbia Pictures. It centers on the Thrill of a Romance (also known as Thrill of a New Romance) was an American romance film released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer in 1945, starring Van Johnson, Esther Williams and Carleton G. Young, with musical The Decks Ran Red is a 1958 MGM sea-going suspense drama based on the book Infamy at Sea, and directed by Andrew L. Stone. The film received generally poor reviews, but received wide viewership for Dororthy The Dry Gulch Kid is an upcoming adventure comedy set to star Willie Nelson. The film, also starring Nelson, is scheduled to be released in 2011 under Luck Films, Nelson's film company. The film also Men Don't Leave is a 1990 comedy-drama film that stars Jessica Lange as a housewife who, after the death of her husband, moves with her two sons to Baltimore. Chris O'Donnell, Joan Cusack, and Kathy Bates Ghosts of Abu Ghraib is a 2007 documentary film directed by Rory Kennedy. It is an examination of the events of the 2004 Abu Ghraib torture and prisoner abuse scandal. The film premiered January 19, 2007 Pink Eye is a 2008 American horror film directed by James Tucker. The film is set in a run-down asylum where drugs are tested in a small town in upstate New York. The Mountain Road is a 1960 war film starring James Stewart and directed by Daniel Mann. Based on a book by Theodore White, the film follows the attempts of a U.S. Army major to destroy bridges and roads Journey to Everest is a 2010 Christian adventure documentary film. Directed by David Kiern and produced by Mitchell Galin for Epiphany Productions, it follows the story of six Americans as they trek to Downloading Nancy is a 2008 drama film directed by Johan Renck, starring Maria Bello and Jason Patric. The film premiered at the 2008 Sundance Film Festival. , where it was nominated for a Grand Jury Zenith is a 2010 American psychological thriller about two men attempting to solve the same conspiracy theory. The title refers to a grand 'Zenith Conspiracy' formed by the film's protagonist, Ed Crowley. Drive In Massacre is a 1976 horror movie starring Bruce Kimball (as Jake Barnes), Adam lawrence, Duglass Gudbye, Verkina Flower, and written by George 'Buck' Flower (as Buck Flowers), John Goff, and Stu Young and Willing is a 1943 American comedy film made by Paramount Pictures (as Cinema Guild Productions) and distributed by United Artists. It was produced and directed by Edward H. Griffith from a screenplay The Trumpet Blows is a film directed by Stephen Roberts, featuring George Raft as a Mexican matador, Adolphe Menjou as a retired bandito clearly based on Pancho Villa, and Frances Drake as Chulita, the Bubbling Troubles is an American 1940 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 187th Our Gang short (188th episode, 99th talking short, 100th talking episode, and 19th MGM produced Slaphappy Sleuths is the 127th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. The Virginity Hit is a 2010 comedy film produced by Adam McKay and Will Ferrell, and directed by Huck Botko and Andrew Gurland. It stars Matt Bennett, Zack Pearlman, Jacob Davich, Justin Kline and Nicole Dominick and Eugene is a 1988 American drama film directed by Robert M. Young about twin brothers, Dominick and Eugene. Dominick has an intellectual disability due to an accident in his youth. The film Goodbye, My Fancy is a 1951 Warner Bros. film starring Joan Crawford, Robert Young, and Frank Lovejoy in a light tale about a woman and her old flame. The screenplay by Ivan Goff was based upon a 1948 Jezebel is a 1938 American drama film released in 1938 and directed by William Wyler. It stars Bette Davis and Henry Fonda, supported by George Brent, Margaret Lindsay, Donald Crisp, Richard Cromwell, Deepwater is a 2005 neo-noir film directed and written by David S. Marfield. It is based on a novel written by Matthew F. Jones. It was screened at the Seattle International Film Festival on June 9, 2005 The Wily Chaperon is a 1915 American silent short comedy-drama film directed by Thomas Ricketts. The film stars Perry Banks, Charlotte Burton, William Tedmarsh, Louise Lester, Vivian Rich, and Harry Van Eaux d'artifice is a 1953 short film by Kenneth Anger. The film was shot in the Villa d'Este in Tivoli, [[Italy]. The film consists entirely of a woman dressed in eighteenth-century clothes who wanders Send Me No Flowers: a 1964 American comedy film, directed by Norman Jewison and starring Rock Hudson, Doris Day, and Tony Randall. After Pillow Talk and Lover Come Back, it is the third and final film This Filthy World is a one-man show by John Waters concerning his origins in the trash genre and his successful career navigating Hollywood. Filmed at The Harry DeJour Playhouse in New York City in 20 Pal Joey is a 1957 film distributed by Columbia. It is loosely adapted from the musical play of the same name; it stars Rita Hayworth (top billed), Frank Sinatra, and Kim Novak. Kim Novak's singing voice Butterflies Are Free is a 1972 film based on a play by Leonard Gershe. The 1972 film was produced by M.J. Frankovich, released by Columbia Pictures, directed by Milton Katselas and based on a screenplay Bad Girls Go to Hell is an American 1965 sexploitation film, written, produced and directed by Doris Wishman. The film stars Gigi Darlene, George La Rocque, Barnard L. Sackett, Harold Key and Darlene Bad Golf Made Easier (1993) is a 53-minute video by Leslie Nielsen. It is a parody of golf and other golf videos and books. It demonstrates many humorous bad golf swings, and a slogan found in it is: A-Lad-In His Lamp is a 1948 Warner Bros. Looney Tunes cartoon starring Bugs Bunny and featuring the Genie and Caliph Hassan Pfeiffer who is after Bugs and the Genie in his lamp. The voice of Bugs Bunny Where the Boys Are (1960) is an American coming-of-age comedy film, written by George Wells based on the novel by Glendon Swarthout, about four Midwestern college co-eds who spend spring break in Fort Where Eskimos Live (AKA Tam, gdzie żyją Eskimosi) is a feature film released in 2002 under Polish-American-British and Germany co-operation. Sharkey, part of the sinister world of child trade, picks up When Were You Born is a 1938 murder mystery film starring Anna May Wong as an astrologer who helps the police. Each of the twelve principal characters was born under a different astrological sign. Little Nellie Kelly is a 1940 musical comedy film based on the stage musical by George M. Cohan which was a hit on Broadway in 1922 and 1923. The film was written by Jack McGowan and directed by Norman Willow is a 1988 American fantasy film directed by Ron Howard and produced/co-written by George Lucas. Warwick Davis stars in the film, as well as Val Kilmer, Joanne Whalley, Jean Marsh, and Patricia Shuttle is a 2008 thriller film/horror film about a group of young travelers who are kidnapped by an airport shuttle driver with unknown motives. The film was written and directed by Edward Anderson, Redemption Maddie is a 2007 short film directed by Aaron Kinghttp://www. imdb. com/name/nm1683676/ and starring Allison Scagliottihttp://www. imdb. com/name/nm1270095/. The film was completed as part Night of the Lepus, also known as Rabbits, is a 1972 American science fiction horror film based on the 1964 science fiction novel The Year of the Angry Rabbit. Released theatrically on October 4, 1972, Gamers: The Movie (or simply Gamers) is an independent 2006 mockumentary film written, directed and produced by Chris Folino. The film follows four friends who, saddled with ""four of the worst jobs known Old Wives for New is a 1918 drama film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. Prints of the film survive at the International Museum of Photography and Film at George Eastman House. Magnolia is a 1999 American drama film produced, written, and directed by Paul Thomas Anderson, narrated by Ricky Jay, and starring Jeremy Blackman, Tom Cruise, Melinda Dillon, Philip Baker Hall, Philip Desperate Characters is a 1971 American drama film produced, written, and directed by Frank D. Gilroy, who based his screenplay on the 1970 novel of the same name by Paula Fox. Mahogany is a 1975 feature film, produced by Motown Productions and released to theaters by Paramount Pictures on October 8, 1975. Directed by Motown founder Berry Gordy (taking over after British director Full Metal Jacket is a 1987 war film by Stanley Kubrick, based on the novel The Short-Timers by Gustav Hasford. The title refers to the full metal jacket bullet used by infantry riflemen. The film follows Voice of the City is a 1929 film by Willard Mack modeled on a stage play. It is not related to the story of the same name by O. Henry. Exchange of Wives is a 1925 drama film directed by Hobart Henley, with screenplay by Fanny Hatton based upon a Broadway play by Cosmo Hamilton. The film stars Eleanor Boardman, Renée Adorée, Lew Cody Hold Back the Dawn is a 1941 romantic film in which a Romanian gigolo marries an American woman in Mexico in order to gain entry to the United States, but winds up falling in love with her. It stars Charles Stand Up and Fight is a 1939 film starring Wallace Beery and Robert Taylor. The supporting cast includes Florence Rice, Helen Broderick, Charles Bickford, Barton MacLane, Charley Grapewin, and John Qualen, For other uses, see Green Dolphin Street (disambiguation) Green Dolphin Street is a historic drama film starring Lana Turner, Van Heflin, Donna Reed, and Richard Hart, with a screenplay by Samson Raphaelson My Little Chickadee is a Universal comedy/western motion picture starring Mae West and W. C. Fields, with Joseph Calleia, Ruth Donnelly, Margaret Hamilton, Donald Meek, Willard Robertson, Dick Foran, Two Rode Together is a western film directed by John Ford, and starring James Stewart, Richard Widmark, Shirley Jones, and Linda Cristal. It was based on the novel Comanche Captives by Will Cook. Friday After Next is a 2002 comedy film directed by Marcus Raboy, starring Ice Cube and Mike Epps. It is the third and possibly final installment in the Friday series, and the sequel to the 2000 film This Happy Feeling is a 1958 film by Blake Edwards adapted from the F. Hugh Herbert play For Love or Money. Edwards regretted Universal's eleventh hour decision of a name change, but the studio was hoping The Witch of Salem is a 1913 film. The two-reel production set in the Puritan days. Prudence, a beautiful orphan, beloved by Old Hastings's son, is accused and convicted of witchcraft. She is sentenced The Unknown Purple is a 1923 stage-play-based, science-fiction genre, silent film, written and directed by Roland West. The film could probably be the first dealing with the subject of invisibility and Munster, Go Home! is a 1966 American film based on the hit 1960s family television sitcom The Munsters. It was directed by Earl Bellamy, who also directed a number of episodes in the series. The film The Stratton Story is a 1949 film directed by Sam Wood which tells the true story of Monty Stratton, a Major League Baseball pitcher who pitched for the Chicago White Sox from 1934-1938. This is the first T-Force is a 1994 sci-fi film set in the near future about a group of law enforcement cyborgs, called ""cybernauts"" which, after being threatened with the shutdown, rebel against their superiors and the The Social Network is a 2010 drama film about the founding of the Internet social networking website Facebook. The film was directed by David Fincher and features an ensemble cast—Jesse Eisenberg, Andrew Love Finds a Home is a Christian drama film, the eighth and final installment based on a series of books by Janette Oke. It aired on Hallmark Channel on September 5, 2009. The film is based on the book Frank Film is a 1973 animated short film. The movie is a compilation of images co-creator Frank Mouris had collected from magazines interwoven with two narrations, one giving a mostly linear autobiography Ninotchka is a 1939 American film made for Metro Goldwyn Mayer by producer and director Ernst Lubitsch which stars Greta Garbo and Melvyn Douglas. It was written by Billy Wilder, Charles Brackett and Inside Man is a 2006 crime-drama film directed by Spike Lee. It stars Denzel Washington, Clive Owen, Willem Dafoe and Jodie Foster. The film's screenplay was written by Russell Gewirtz and produced by Catchfire is a 1990 action-thriller-drama film starring Jodie Foster, Dennis Hopper, and Fred Ward. Several other notable actors have cameos. The film was disowned by its director, Hopper, before release Going Back is Bruce Campbell's second feature film, produced shortly after The Evil Dead and released in 1983. The film had been extremely rare to acquire for a number of years, due to contract disputes Peege is an award-winning 1972 short student film, written and directed by Randal Kleiser, about a family's visit to an elderly relative in a nursing home. The film was named to the National Film Registry Conagher is a 1991 Turner Network Television western film based on a Louis L’Amour novel of the same name, starring Sam Elliott as Conn Conagher, an honest, hardworking cowboy who learns that his fellow Tootsie is a 1982 American comedy film that tells the story of a talented but volatile actor whose reputation for being difficult forces him to go to extreme lengths to land a job. The movie stars Dustin Rent-a-Cop is a 1987 action / comedy / crime film starring Burt Reynolds and Liza Minnelli. Reynolds plays a disgraced police officer, now working as a security guard, who falls in love with Minnelli, Blood Hook is a 1987 horror film distributed by Troma Entertainment. The plot of the film revolves around a murderer killing fishermen with an over-sized fishhook during a Wisconsin fishing festival. District 9 is a 2009 science fiction thriller film directed by Neill Blomkamp. It was written by Blomkamp and Terri Tatchell, and produced by Peter Jackson and Carolynne Cunningham. The film stars Sharlto The Crowd is a 1928 American silent film directed by King Vidor. It is notable for its dramatization of the concerns and dangers of urbanization and modernity. The picture is an influential and acclaimed Cry Danger is a 1951 film noir thriller shot in twenty-two days in Los Angeles, including the Bunker Hill section of the city. The film was directed by Robert Parrish. Ship Ahoy is the title of a 1942 musical-comedy film produced by MGM. The film stars Eleanor Powell as Tallulah Winters, a dancing star who is hired to perform on an ocean liner. Before she leaves, she For the alternative rock band from Dublin, Ireland see Mrnorth. Mr. NorthDirected by Danny HustonProduced by John HustonSteven HaftSkip SteloffTom ShawWritten by Thornton WilderJanet RoachJohn HustonJames The Alibi is a 2006 American film directed by Matt Checkowski and Kurt Mattila. The film was released to DVD on December 5, 2006 under the title Lies and Alibis. Bandits is a 2001 American crime-comedy drama film directed by Barry Levinson. It stars Bruce Willis, Billy Bob Thornton, and Cate Blanchett. Filming began in October 2000 and ended in February 2001. High Noon is an American 1952 western film directed by Fred Zinnemann and starring Gary Cooper and Grace Kelly. The film tells in real time the story of a town marshal forced to face a gang of killers Cyborg Cop is a 1993 action adventure film starring David Bradley, John Rhys-Davies, Todd Jensen, Alonna Shaw and Rufus Swart as the Cyborg. It was directed by Sam Firstenberg and written by Greg Latt Jimmy Zip is a 1996 short film starring Alyssa Milano, Spalding Gray, and Justin Whalin. The short was remade into a full-length film in 1999, starring Brendan Fletcher and Adrienne Frantz. Hardbodies is a 1984 sex comedy film about three middle-aged men who hire a younger man to help them pick up women at the beach. The film was directed by Mark Griffiths, and stars Grant Cramer, Courtney Shark Tale is a 2004 CGI comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation. In the story, a young fish named Oscar falsely claims to have killed the son of a shark mob boss to win favour with the mob boss' Newsies is a 1992 American Disney musical starring Christian Bale, David Moscow, and Bill Pullman. Robert Duvall and Ann-Margret also appeared in supporting roles. The movie gained a cult following after Ojai Bums is a mockumentary short film written and directed by Devin Oatway and starring Matthew Carey, Ben Buschel and Greg Berg. It was shot on an ultra-low budget in Ojai, CA in 2009. Aduri is a 2008 American thriller film directed by Riyadh Mahmood. Written by Mahmood and Fahid Hasan, the film stars Ariana Almajan and Kawan Karadaghi. Produced by Washington DC filmmakers, and released Mega Snake is a made for television film by Sci Fi Pictures. It first aired on August 25, 2007. The film was produced by the company Nu Image Films specifically as an original movie for broadcasting on Lampchops is a comedy Vitaphone short which is a filming of a vaudeville performance by George Burns and Gracie Allen of the comedy routine “Lambchops” written by Al Boasberg. In 1999 the film was selected Girl Happy is a 1965 American musical romantic comedy in the beach party film style, starring Elvis Presley. This was the last mega-successful Presley film at the box office although all of his subsequent Born Rich is a 2003 documentary about the experience of growing up as a child in one of the world's richest families. It was created by Jamie Johnson, heir to the Johnson &amp; Johnson fortune. It was Sideways is a 2004 American comedy-drama film written by Jim Taylor and Alexander Payne and directed by Payne. Adapted from Rex Pickett's 2004 novel, Sideways follows two forty-something year old men, Miral is a 2010 film directed by Julian Schnabel. The screenplay was written by Rula Jebreal, based on her novel. The film was released on 3rd September at the 2010 Venice Film Festival. and in France The Ghouls is a 2003 independent American horror film that was written and directed by Chad Ferrin. The film, described as ""a no-budget horror opus"" and a ""vicious cross between Paparazzi and Kolchak: La Casa 3 (also known as Evil Dead 3 and Ghosthouse) is the unofficial Italian sequel to Evil Dead II (Which was called La Casa 2 in Italy) released in 1988. In Italy, The Evil Dead was released under Stark Love is a feature film directed by Karl Brown and released by Paramount Pictures. The film is a maverick production in both design and concept, is a beautifully photographed mix of lyrical anthropology Shockproof is a 1949 movie starring Cornel Wilde and Patricia Knight. The director of Shockproof, Douglas Sirk, said he took the assignment because the movie dealt with one of his favorite themes: the So Much So Fast is a documentary written and directed by Academy Award nominees Steven Ascher and Jeanne Jordan. This film premiered in competition at the 2006 Sundance Film Festival, and won the Audience Big Jim McLain is a 1952 political thriller film starring John Wayne and James Arness as HUAC investigators hunting down communists in the post-war Hawaii organized labor scene. Edward Ludwig directed. The Jack Bull (1999) is a made for television western, produced for HBO, and directed by John Badham. The film is loosely based on Michael Kohlhaas, a novel by Heinrich von Kleist, with the script by Charlie Bartlett is a 2007 American comedy-drama film directed by Jon Poll. The screenplay by Gustin Nash focuses on a teenager who begins to dispense therapeutic advice and prescription drugs to the Batman: Revenge (The Batman LEGO Film) is a 2003, non-commercial, independent stop motion brickfilm created by director and animator Jonathan Markiewitz. The film has been credited by BatmanFanFilms. The Devil-Stone is a 1917 romance film directed by Cecil B. DeMille. The film, concerning a rare emerald, had sequences filmed in the Handschiegl Color Process (billed as the ""DeMille-Wyckoff Process"". License to Drive is a 1988 teen adventure film starring Corey Haim, Corey Feldman, Heather Graham, Carol Kane, Richard Masur, Michael Manasseri and Nina Siemaszko. The screenplay was written by Neil Tolkin Under Cover Man is a 1932 crime film starring George Raft and Nancy Carroll. The movie, Raft's first or second leading role (along with Night After Night, released the same year), was directed by James Brideless Groom is the 101st short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. A Snitch in Time is the 128th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. Gents in a Jam is the 141st short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. Fog Over Frisco is a 1934 American drama film directed by William Dieterle. The screenplay by Robert N. Lee and Eugene Solow was based on the short story The Five Fragments by George Dyer. Devil Dog Dawson is a 1921 black and white American western directed by Karl R. Coolidge and starring Jack Hoxie, Helene Rosson and Evelyn Selbie. The independent film is considered lost. The only surviving Atomic Twister is an original made for TV movie starring Sharon Lawrence and Mark-Paul Gosselaar that was first aired in 2002 on TBS. The plot revolves around a series of tornadoes that damage a nuclear Thru the Mirror is a Mickey Mouse cartoon short film produced by Walt Disney Productions, released by United Artists in 1936. In this cartoon short, Mickey has a Through the Looking-Glass-type dream that Front Page Woman is a 1935 American comedy film directed by Michael Curtiz. The screenplay by Roy Chanslor, Laird Doyle, and Lillie Hayward is based on the novel Women Are Bum Newspapermen by Richard Faith and Fate: The Story of The Jewish People In The 20th Century is documentary about the Jewish people in the last century. Faith and Fate, by Berel Wein, focuses on Jewish history and how the events The Joy of Life (2005) is an experimental landscape documentary film about the history of suicide and the Golden Gate Bridge, and the adventures of a butch lesbian in San Francisco, California. This feature-length The Taxi Dancer is a 1927 silent film starring Joan Crawford and Douglas Gilmore. Crawford plays Joselyn Poe, a southern girl who tries her luck as dancer in New York. When she is unable to find work, Joni is a 1980 film based on the book ""Joni"". The film reveals the true life story of Joni Eareckson Tada, a young girl who in the spring of her life becomes suddenly paralyzed. Through her physical, Lions for Lambs is a 2007 American drama film about the connection between a platoon of United States soldiers in Afghanistan, a U.S. senator, a reporter, and a California college professor. It stars Beggars of Life is an early sound film with talking sequences starring Wallace Beery as a rail-riding hobo and Louise Brooks as a girl on the run. Based on a novel called Beggars of Life by Jim Tully, Out of the Past (originally released in the United Kingdom as Build My Gallows High) is a 1947 film noir directed by Jacques Tourneur and starring Robert Mitchum, Jane Greer, and Kirk Douglas. The film The Evil Dead is a 1981 American horror film written and directed by Sam Raimi, starring Bruce Campbell, Ellen Sandweiss, and Betsy Baker. The film is a story of five college students vacationing in an Touch of Evil (1958) is an American crime drama film, written, directed by, and co-starring Orson Welles. Paul Monash and Franklin Coen also wrote scenes for the film. The screenplay was loosely based Must Love Dogs is a 2005 romantic comedy film based on the book written by Claire Cook. It is the third film directed and written by Gary David Goldberg. The film, starring Diane Lane and John Cusack, This article is about the 1943 motion picture. For the board game see Cry Havoc. Cry 'Havoc'File:Cast and title from Cry Havoc trailer. jpgTitle from the film's trailerDirected by Richard ThorpeProduced Neo Pornographia is a series of pornographic films directed by Michael Ninn and produced by his production company Ninn Worx. The full title of these movies are Neo Pornographia: The Secret Tapes of Michael American Anthem is a 1986 American film produced by Lorimar Motion Pictures and released in North America by Columbia Pictures. It was directed by Albert Magnoli, and starred Mitch Gaylord and Janet Jones. Bulletproof Monk is a 2003 martial arts action-fantasy film starring Chow Yun-fat, Seann William Scott and Jaime King. The film was directed by Paul Hunter. It is loosely based on the comic book by Michael The Strangers in 7A is a television movie drama/thriller starring Andy Griffith, Ida Lupino, and Michael Brandon that aired on CBS in November 1972. It is the first real serious role for Griffith following Man of Conquest is a 1939 Western film directed by George Nichols Jr.. It was nominated for three Academy Awards for Best Score, Best Sound and Best Art Direction by John Victor Mackay. My Louisiana Sky is a 1998 children's novel by Kimberly Willis Holt. It was named an ALA Notable Book and an ALA Top Ten Best Book for Young Adults. It also received a Boston Globe—Horn Book Honor Awa The Burning Bed is a non-fiction book by Faith McNulty about battered Dansville, Michigan, housewife Francine Hughes. After thirteen years of domestic abuse at the hands of her husband, James Berlin (""Mickey"") Never Back Down is a 2008 American action film starring Sean Faris, Amber Heard, Cam Gigandet, and Djimon Hounsou. It was theatrically released on March 14, 2008. The film's respective tagline/slogan You Came Along is a 1945 romance film set in World War II with a screenplay by Ayn Rand. It starred Robert Cummings and, in her film debut, Lizabeth Scott. Robert Cummings' character has the same name Full Confession is a 1939 is a US crime drama film made by RKO Radio Pictures. It was directed by John Farrow from an adaptation by Jerome Cady of Leo Birinski's story. The film stars Victor McLaglen, The Cocoanuts (1929) is the first feature-length Marx Brothers film, produced by Paramount Pictures. The musical comedy stars the four Marx Brothers, Oscar Shaw, Mary Eaton and Margaret Dumont. Produced Bathing Beauty is a 1944 musical starring Red Skelton, Basil Rathbone and Esther Williams and directed by George Sidney. Although this was not William's screen debut, it was her first Technicolor musical. American Madness is a 1932 American film directed by Frank Capra and starring Walter Huston as a New York banker embroiled in scandal. Capra would later repeat the 'run on the bank' scene in his 1946 Avenging Angelo is a 2002 American film directed by Martyn Burke that stars Sylvester Stallone and Madeleine Stowe. This is the last film in which Anthony Quinn appeared. It was released a few months Mary and Rhoda is a 2000 made-for-television movie that reunited Mary Tyler Moore and Valerie Harper as Mary Richards and Rhoda Morgenstern from the 1970–1977 sitcom The Mary Tyler Moore Show. Although Tiny Troubles is a 1939 Our Gang short comedy film directed by George Sidney. It was the 176th Our Gang short (177th episode, 88th talking short, 89th talking episode, and 8th MGM produced episode) that Forced Vengeance is a 1982 motion picture action drama. When the owner and proprietor of the Lucky Dragon casino in Hong Kong refuses to let mobsters take over his business he and his family are hit. The Number 23 is a 2007 suspense film starring Jim Carrey, Virginia Madsen, Danny Huston, Logan Lerman, and directed by Joel Schumacher. It was subsequently released on DVD on July 24, 2007 (23 July in One Way Passage is a romantic film starring William Powell and Kay Francis as star-crossed lovers, directed by Tay Garnett and released by Warner Bros. It was remade in 1940 as 'Til We Meet Again, featuring The Quiet One is a 1948 American documentary film directed by Sidney Meyers. The documentary chronicles the rehabilitation of a young, emotionally disturbed African-American boy; it contains a commentary Viva Zapata! is a 1952 fictional-biographical film directed by Elia Kazan. The screenplay was written by John Steinbeck, using as a guide Edgcomb Pinchon's book, 'Zapata the Unconquerable', a fact that Donna On Demand is a 2009 dark comedy film written, directed and produced by Corbin Bernsen. The film was launched on DVD on September 15, 2009. It takes place in Los Angeles, California. Nim's Island is a 2008 American adventure-fantasy film directed by Jennifer Flackett and Mark Levin and starring Abigail Breslin, Jodie Foster, and Gerard Butler. The story is based on the book Nim's The Red Danube is a 1949 drama film directed by George Sidney and starring Walter Pidgeon. The film was based on the 1947 novel Vespers in Vienna by Bruce Marshall. The Clay Pigeon is an American drama film noir directed by Richard Fleischer and written by Carl Foreman, based on a true story. The drama features Bill Williams, Barbara Hale, Richard Quine, and othe Viva Villa! is a 1934 American film starring Wallace Beery as Pancho Villa and was written by Ben Hecht, adapted from a biography by Edgecumb Pinchon and Odo B. Stade. The film was directed by Jack Conway. For the geographic feature of the Shiloh battlefield see: Battle of Shiloh: Hornet's Nest For the Doctor Who audio play see: Hornets' Nest (Doctor Who) Hornets' NestDirected by Phil KarlsonFranco CirinoProduced She’s Crushed (or Crushed) is a 2010 horror film directed by Patrick Johnson. Similar to themes in Fatal Attraction, She’s Crushed depicts the twisted games of love, torture, and death which lay in the The Client List is a 2010 television film that premiered on the Lifetime Network on July 19, 2010. Starring Jennifer Love Hewitt and directed by Eric Laneuville. A fictionalized dramatization of a 2004 Hold That Ghost is a 1941 film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello. On August 1, 1941, Abbott and Costello performed a live version of the film for radio audiences on Louella Parsons' Hollywood Dixieland Droopy is a 1954 animated short subject in the Droopy series, directed by Tex Avery and produced by Fred Quimby for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Dixieland Droopy was produced simultaneously in the Academy Men on Her Mind is a 1944 musical drama film directed by Wallace Fox, produced by Alfred Stern. The screenplay was written by Raymond L. Schrock. The film stars Mary Beth Hughes, Edward Norris and Ted Pardon My Sarong is a 1942 comedy film starring Abbott and Costello. Produced during the duo's prime years, Pardon My Sarong is widely regarded as one of Abbott and Costello's best films. Bye Bye Birdie is a stage musical with a book by Michael Stewart, lyrics by Lee Adams, and music by Charles Strouse. Originally titled Let's Go Steady, the satire on American society is set in 1958. The Mary is a film directed by Alfred Hitchcock, and is the German version of Hitchcock's Murder! (1930), shot simultaneously on the same sets with German actors. The film is based on the play Enter Sir John Lost Boundaries is a film released in 1949. The film was directed by Alfred L. Werker and starred Beatrice Pearson, Mel Ferrer, and Susan Douglas Rubes. The film is based on the book by William Lindsay The Male Animal is a 1942 Warner Brothers film starring Henry Fonda, Olivia de Havilland and Joan Leslie. The film was based on a hit 1940 Broadway play of the same name written by James Thurber and Elliott The Trespasser is a 1929 film which tells the story of a ""kept woman"" who maintains a lavish life style with the help of her lover. It stars Gloria Swanson, Robert Ames, Purnell Pratt, Henry B. Walthall, Blackout Effect is a 1998 made-for-television disaster/thriller film. Eric Stoltz plays John Dantley, an NTSB officer sent to investigate a collision between an airliner and a cargo plane at O'Hare. Charles The Dark Corner is a 1946 film noir directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Lucille Ball, Mark Stevens and Clifton Webb. The film is an example of a classic film noir and features a rare dramatic role Marlon Riggs’ 1989 semi-documentary film Tongues Untied seeks, in its author's words to, ""... shatter the nation's brutalising silence on matters of sexual and racial difference. "" The film blends documentary Icon (or Frederick Forsyth's Icon) is a Hallmark Channel original television film directed by Charles Martin Smith and based on the novel by Frederick Forsyth. The film premiered on the network May 30, The Red Rider is a Universal movie serial based on the story ""The Redhead from Sun Dog"" by W. C. Tuttle. It is a remake of the 1931 John Wayne movie Range Feud. Expecting Mary is a 2010 comedy-drama film starring Elliott Gould and Linda Gray. It was directed by Dan Gordon and produced by Kim Waltrip with executive producer Jim Casey The film premiered at the Welcome 2 Ibiza is an American Action comedy film, about a young American girl that inherits a rundown bar and then gets involved in a hostage rescue drama. Filmed on location on the Spanish Mediterranean Frisk is a 1995 drama film, directed by Todd Verow, based on the 1991 novel by author Dennis Cooper. It is a first-person narrative about a serial killer. Dennis describes a series of ritual murders in Cat, Dog &amp; Co. is a 1929 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert A. McGowan under the pseudonym ""Anthony Mack"". Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Wild Man Blues is a 1998 documentary film directed by Barbara Kopple, about the musical avocation of actor/director/comic Woody Allen. The film takes its name from a jazz composition sometimes attributed 24: Redemption is a television movie from the television series, 24. It was first aired on November 23, 2008, on Fox in the United States, and later released on DVD on November 25. The film was written Bad Lieutenant is a 1992 crime-drama film directed by Abel Ferrara and starring Harvey Keitel as the eponymous ""bad lieutenant"". The screenplay was co-written by actress-model Zoë Tamerlis Lund (credited Short Circuit 2 is a 1988 motion picture, the sequel to 1986's Short Circuit. It was directed by Kenneth Johnson, and starred Fisher Stevens as Ben Jahrvi, (whose surname has inexplicably changed from The Tenth Month is a 1979 American television movie based on the novel of the same name by Laura Z. Hobson. The movie was directed by Joan Tewkesbury and starred Carol Burnett as Dori Grey, Keith Michell Whiskey School is a 2007 drama starring Olympia Dukakis, Mary Stuart Masterson, Alexandra Eitel, Thomas Flanagan, Carlin Glynn, Lainie Kazan, Gary Swanson, Denise Lute, Mario Macaluso, David Margulies The Drop Kick (also known as Glitter in the UK) was a 1927 silent film directed by Millard Webb written by Katherine Brush about a college football player who finds his reputation on the line when he The Satan Bug (1965) is a science fiction film in which a US government germ warfare lab has had an accident. The first theory is that one of the germs has been released and killed several scientists. Self-Made Maids is the 124th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. The Flying Ace was an action genre silent film, with an all-African American cast, about a flying ace during World War I. This six-reel film, made in Jacksonville, Florida, features Laurence Criner, who The Lost Moment is a 1947 drama film made by Universal Pictures. It was directed by Martin Gabel and produced by Walter Wanger, from a screenplay by Leonardo Bercovici based on the novel The Aspern Papers Gidget Grows Up is a 1969 television film directed by James Sheldon and starring Karen Valentine, Paul Lynde and Edward Mulhare, freely adapted from the novel Gidget Goes New York by Frederick Kohner. ""At Ground Zero"" is a 1993 Independent feature film (released in 1994) directed and written by Craig Schlattman from an original story. It stars Thomas Jane (credited as Tom Elliott), and his then wife, The Death Kiss is a mystery film starring David Manners as a crusading reporter, Adrienne Ames as an actress, Bela Lugosi as a movie studio head, and Edward Van Sloan as a film director. The comedy thriller Larva is a 2005 Science Fiction-Horror film, directed by Tim Cox, written from Kenneth M. Badish, Boaz Davidson, David Goodin, Kevin Moore, J. Paul V. Robert and T.M. Van Ostrand. It stars Vincent Ventresca, Tornado Glory is an American documentary film that was released in 2006 by PBS. Produced by Angry Sky Entertainment, the program follows storm chasers Reed Timmer and Joel Taylor through Tornado Alley Secret Cutting (also known as Painful Secrets) is a 2000 Made-for-TV movie directed by Norma Bailey, starring Kimberlee Peterson and Rhea Perlman, about a self-injurer teenager, focusing on and her relation Run for the Sun is a 1956 film released by United Artists, the third film to officially be based on Richard Connell's classic suspense story, ""The Most Dangerous Game"", after RKO's The Most Dangerous Income Tax Sappy is the 153rd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. Worth Winning is a 1989 film starring Mark Harmon and Madeleine Stowe, directed by Will Mackenzie. It was written by Josann McGibbon and Sara Parriott, based on the novel by Dan Lewandowski. Fuzz is a 1972 American action comedy film directed by Richard A. Colla and starring Burt Reynolds, Yul Brynner, Raquel Welch, Tom Skeritt, and Jack Weston. The screenplay was written by Evan Hunter, The Horror Show is a 1989 supernatural horror film starring Lance Henriksen and Brion James. Although titled House III: The Horror Show for the non-US market, its connection to the other House films is Reefer Madness (aka Tell Your Children) is a well known 1938 American exploitation film revolving around the tragic events that ensue when high school students are lured by pushers to try ""marihuana"": New York Nights is a 1929 crime film directed by Lewis Milestone. It is based on the 1928 play Tin Pan Alley by Hugh Stanislaus Stange. The film is known for being leading lady Norma Talmadge's first Holly is a 2007 drama film about an American stolen artifacts dealer in Cambodia who tries to save a young girl from child traffickers. The film was directed by Guy Moshe, and stars Ron Livingston, Chris Dark of the Sun (also known as The Mercenaries) is a 1968 adventure film starring Rod Taylor, Yvette Mimieux, Jim Brown and Peter Carsten and adapted from Wilbur Smith's 1965 novel, The Dark of the Sun. Act of Reprisal is a 1964 American drama film directed by Erricos Andreou and Robert Tronson and starring Ina Balin, Jeremy Brett and Giannis Voglis. The film depicts a romance set against the backdrop Practical Jokers is a 1938 Our Gang short comedy film directed by George Sidney. It was the 174th Our Gang short (175th episode, 86th talking short, 87th talking episode, and sixth MGM produced episode) Dangerous Touch is a 1994 thriller film directed by Lou Diamond Phillips. He also co-wrote the film with Kurt Voss, and Lisa Hansen co-produced the film. James Lemmo was the Cinematographer. The movie Four Faces West is a 1948 Western film starring Joel McCrea, his real-life wife Frances Dee, and Charles Bickford. It is based on the novel Pasó por aquí by Eugene Manlove Rhodes. A down-on-his-luck cowboy Ride Him, Cowboy is a 1932 remake of The Unknown Cavalier, a 1926 western film starring Ken Maynard, with lots of stock footage from the original. It was directed by Fred Allen and starred 25-year-old Giant is a 1956 American drama film directed by George Stevens from a screenplay adapted by Fred Guiol and Ivan Moffat from the novel by Edna Ferber. The movie stars Elizabeth Taylor, Rock Hudson and Beloved Infidel is a 1959 biographical drama film made by 20th Century Fox and based on the life of F. Scott Fitzgerald. The film was directed by Henry King and produced by Jerry Wald from a screenplay As Is is a 1986 film adapted by William M. Hoffman from his play of the same title, that set its focus on the effect AIDS, then a fairly new epidemic, has on a group of friends living in New York City. Closed Mondays is an 11-minute animated film using animated three-dimensional clay figures, cocreated by Will Vinton and Bob Gardiner in 1974. It was produced by Lighthouse Productions, released by Pyramid Reservation Road is a 2007 film directed by Terry George and based on the book of the same title by John Burnham Schwartz, who, along with George, adapted the novel for the screenplay. The film, starring Dutch (released in the UK and Australia as Driving Me Crazy) is a 1991 American comedy/drama film directed by Peter Faiman (his only other film along with Crocodile Dundee) and written by John Hughes. Basic Instinct 2, also known as Basic Instinct 2: Risk Addiction, is a 2006 German/British/American/Spanish thriller film, being the long-awaited sequel to 1992's Basic Instinct. The film was directed Wrong Way Kid is a 1983 TV film starring Dick Van Dyke, Keith Coogan, Derek Barton, June Foray, Stan Freberg, Melanie Gaffin, Joan Gerber, Wayne Hall, Don Messick, Jason Naylor and Arnold Stang. This Mac is a 1992 movie co-written and directed by John Turturro. The film marks his directorial debut. The film won the Caméra d'Or award at the 1992 Cannes Film Festival and was nominated for an Independent Battle for Terra, originally screened as Terra, is a 2007 computer animated science fiction film, based on a short film of the same name about a peaceful alien planet which faces destruction from colonization Oliver &amp; Company is a 1988 American animated film in which a homeless kitten named Oliver joins a gang of dogs to survive on the 1980s New York City streets. The film was produced by Walt Disney Feature Chasing a Dream (working title Miles From Nowhere) is a made-for-television movie. Filmed in the Ventura County area of California, the movie premiered on Hallmark Channel on April 25, 2009, and stars Country Strong (formerly titled Love Don't Let Me Down) is an upcoming drama film about a country singer named Kelly Canter. It stars Gwyneth Paltrow as Kelly Canter and Garrett Hedlund as Beau Williams Loving Annabelle is a 2006 film directed by Katherine Brooks. Based on Mädchen in Uniform, it tells the story of a boarding school student who falls in love with her teacher. It was filmed at Marymount The Barn Dance, first released on March 14, 1929, was the first of twelve Mickey Mouse shorts released during that year. It was directed by Walt Disney with Ub Iwerks as the head animator. A Bronx Morning is a 1931 avant-garde film by American filmmaker Jay Leyda (1910–1988). Described as ""city symphony"", the eleven-minute European style film recorded a Bronx street in New York City before Beauty for Sale is a 1933 film about the romantic entanglements of three beauty salon employees. It stars Madge Evans, Alice Brady, and Otto Kruger. It was based on the novel Beauty by Faith Baldwin. Young Sherlocks is a 1922 silent short subject, the fourth entry in Hal Roach's Our Gang (Little Rascals) series. Directed by Robert F. McGowan and Tom McNamara, the two-reel short was released to theaters Spinning Boris is a 2003 comedy movie starring Jeff Goldblum, Anthony LaPaglia and Liev Schreiber. It was directed by Roger Spottiswoode. In the film, a Russian political elite hires American consultants Ladies in Love is a romantic comedy film directed by Edward H. Griffith. Starring Janet Gaynor, Constance Bennett and Loretta Young the film revolves around three roommates (Gaynor, Bennett, and Young) The Caretakers is a 1963 United Artists film drama starring Joan Crawford, Robert Stack, Polly Bergen and Janis Paige in a story about a mental hospital. The screenplay was adapted by Henry F. Greenberg Angus is a 1995 comedy-drama film directed by Patrick Read Johnson and written by Jill Gordon. The majority of Angus was filmed in Owatonna, Minnesota at the Owatonna High School. The film stars Charlie Resin is a 2001 film and the 23rd film produced under the terms and conditions of the Danish film collaborative, Dogme 95. Directed by American film director, Steven Sobel, under the alias Vladamir Gyorski, Blue in the Face is a 1995 comedy directed by Wayne Wang and Paul Auster. It stars Harvey Keitel, Victor Argo, Giancarlo Esposito, Roseanne Barr, Michael J. Fox, Lily Tomlin, Mira Sorvino, Lou Reed, Mel Wild and Woolly is a 1917 silent film which tells the story of one man's personal odyssey from sophisticated Easterner to Western tough guy. It stars Douglas Fairbanks, Eileen Percy, Walter Bytell and Deadly Outbreak (released in certain markets as Deadly Takeover) is an action movie released by US-Israeli company Nu Image in 1996, and directed by former stuntman Rick Avery. It is set in Israel and Andre is a 1994 feature film starring Tina Majorino about a child's encounter with a seal. The film is an adaptation of the book A Seal Called Andre, which in turn was based on a true story. Shock Corridor is a 1963 film, directed and written by Samuel Fuller. The film tells the story of a journalist who gets himself committed to a mental hospital in order to track an unsolved murder. Harvest of Shame was a 1960 television documentary presented by broadcast journalist Edward R. Murrow on CBS that showed the plight of American migrant agricultural workers. It was Murrow's final documentary Spanish Affair is a 1957 American-Spanish co-produced drama film directed by Don Siegel and Luis Marquina. It featured Carmen Sevilla, Richard Kiley and José Guardiola. File:Spainfilm. svg This article The Little Hut is a 1957 romantic comedy film made by MGM. It was directed by Mark Robson, produced by Mark Robson and F. Hugh Herbert, from a screenplay by F. Hugh Herbert, adapted by Nancy Mitford from Wild Elephinks is a Popeye theatrical cartoon short, starring William ""Billy"" Costello as Popeye and Bonnie Poe as Olive Oyl and Charles Lawrence as Wimpy. It was released in 1933 and was a Cartoon in A Killer Within is a 2004 film featuring C. Thomas Howell as Addison Terrill, Sean Young as Rebecca Terrill, Ben Browder as Sam Moss, Dedee Pfeiffer as Sarah Moss and Giancarlo Esposito as Vargas. The Buddy is a 1997 film directed by Caroline Thompson. It starred Rene Russo as Mrs. Gertrude 'Trudy' Lintz and Robbie Coltrane as her husband. The film was based on the life of a gorilla called Massa with The Match King was a 1932 film made by First National Pictures, directed by William Keighley and Howard Bretherton, and starring Warren William and Lili Damita. The film closely follows the rise and fall Exquisite Sinner is a 1926 film directed by Josef von Sternberg and Phil Rosen. Prior to working (and abandoning) The Masked Bride, von Sternberg had filmed this picture. The studio disliked the picture Puritan Passions is a 1923 silent film directed by Frank Tuttle, based on Percy MacKaye's 1908 play, The Scarecrow, which was itself based on Nathaniel Hawthorne's short story ""Feathertop"". The film stars After Stonewall is a 1999 documentary film directed by John Scagliotti about the 30 years of gay rights activism since the 1969 Stonewall riots. It is the sequel to Scagliotti's 1986 film Before Stonewall Robot Bastard! is a 17 minute short film and Rob Schrab's directorial debut. File:Robot Bastard zombie. png One of the many zombies Robot Bastard has to fight The film follows Robot Bastard on a mission Powers That Prey is a 1918 silent film directed by Henry King. The film is based on the story Extra! Extra! by Will M. Ritchey. Though critics were negative about the film, director King reported he enjoyed Tank is a 1984 comedy, drama, and action movie starring James Garner, Shirley Jones, and C. Thomas Howell. The film was written by Dan Gordon and directed by Marvin J. Chomsky. It was produced by Lorimar Whispering City is a black-and-white film directed by Fyodor Otsep. The movie was filmed on location in Quebec City and Montmorency Falls, Québec, Canada in both English and French. A French language Tape is a 2001 drama film directed by Richard Linklater and written by Stephen Belber, based on his play of the same name. It stars Ethan Hawke, Robert Sean Leonard, and Uma Thurman. The entire film takes Paths of Glory is a 1957 American war film by Stanley Kubrick based on the novel of the same name by Humphrey Cobb. Set during World War 1, the film stars Kirk Douglas as Colonel Dax, the commanding officer Traci Townsend is a 2005 comedy film, directed by Craig Ross, Jr. , which stars Jazsmin Lewis and Mari Morrow. It was written by Bobby Thompson, who was also a producer of the film. Just Yell Fire is a freely distributed film aimed at teaching young girls to defend themselves against attackers. Started as a school project by Dallas Jessup, then a freshman at St. Mary's Academy in Lady In Cement is a 1968 detective film, directed by Gordon Douglas and starring Frank Sinatra, Raquel Welch, Dan Blocker, Martin Gabel and Richard Conte. A sequel to the 1967 film Tony Rome, and based Two Flags West is a 1950 Western drama set during the American Civil War, directed by Robert Wise and starring Joseph Cotton, Jeff Chandler, Linda Darnell, and Cornell Wilde. The opening credits contain This Way Please is a motion picture filmed in early 1937, and released in theaters on October 7, 1937. Running time is 73 minutes. Referred to as a musical comedy, this motion picture features Charles Heart of Flame is a 1915 American silent short drama film directed by Tom Ricketts. The film stars Vivian Rich, David Lythgoe, Charlotte Burton, Jack Richardson, B. Reeves Eason, Perry Banks, Louise Lester, The Off Season is a 2004 independent horror film directed by James Felix McKenney. This low-budget ghost story is the first in the ScareFlix film series from producer Larry Fessenden's company Glass Eye Action Jackson is a 1988 action film directed by Craig R. Baxley and starring Carl Weathers, Vanity, Craig T. Nelson, and Sharon Stone. Paula Abdul was the choreographer. The film was released by Lorimar Along Came Ruth is a 1924 film starring Viola Dana. The film was directed by Edward F. Cline and written by Winifred Dunn, based upon a Holman Francis Day play. Ms. Viola Dana was one of the top stars Bad News Bears is the 2005 remake of the 1976 comedy film The Bad News Bears, produced by Paramount Pictures. It is directed by Richard Linklater and stars Billy Bob Thornton, Greg Kinnear, Marcia Gay Brother Future is a 1991 science fiction movie. It starred Phill Lewis, Moses Gunn, Frank Converse, Carl Lumbly, Vonetta McGee, and Michael Burgess. A street kid (Phil Lewis) from Detroit, Michigan, is Unlikely Angel is a 1996 Christmas film starring Dolly Parton. It premiered on CBS in 1996. As of 2009, it is shown in the 25 Days of Christmas programming block on ABC Family. Canned Fishing is a 1938 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 162nd Our Gang short (163rd episode, 74th talking short, and 75th talking episode) that was released. My Six Convicts is an American 1952 comedy-drama film adapted from the autobiographical book written by Donald Powell Wilson. The film was adapted for the screen by screenwriter Michael Blankfort and Vivacious Lady is a 1938 American black-and-white romantic comedy film starring Ginger Rogers and James Stewart, produced and directed by George Stevens, and released by RKO Radio Pictures. The screenplay RFK is an American TV movie directed by Robert Dornhelm released in 2002. It takes place through the eyes of Robert F. Kennedy after his brother John F. Kennedy's assassination in 1963. As he lives through The Young Lions is a 1958 film directed by Edward Dmytryk, based upon the 1949 novel of the same name by Irwin Shaw, and starring Marlon Brando, Montgomery Clift, and Dean Martin. In the Firelight is a 1913 American silent short silent film directed by Thomas Ricketts and based on a poem written by Marc Edmund Jones. The film stars Charlotte Burton, William Bertram, Ed Coxen, and White on Rice is a comedy film directed by American director Dave Boyle, director of Big Dreams Little Tokyo (2006), and starring Hiroshi Watanabe, Nae, Mio Takada, James Kyson Lee, and Lynn Chen. The Woman Obsessed is a 1959 romantic drama film about the hardships faced by a widow and her eight-year-old son on a rugged Canadian ranch. The film stars Susan Hayward and Stephen Boyd with Barbara Nichols, Hulk (also known as The Hulk and in some countries as The Incredible Hulk) is a 2003 American superhero film based on the fictional Marvel Comics character of the same name. Ang Lee directed the film, I Want a Divorce is a 1940 Paramount comedy film directed by Ralph Murphy. The story is written by Frank Butler and stars the married Joan Blondell and Dick Powell. Little Tough Guy is a 1938 Universal Studios film that starred several of the Dead End Kids. Although re-release posters and the DVD release credit them as The Dead End Kids they did not go by that title A Chance to Live is a short documentary film directed by James L. Shute, produced by Richard de Rochemont for Time Inc. and distributed by Twentieth Century-Fox. The film won an Academy Award in 1950 National Lampoon's Loaded Weapon 1 (also known simply as Loaded Weapon 1) is a 1993 crime-comedy film, directed by Gene Quintano and starring Emilio Estevez, Samuel L. Jackson and William Shatner. The Afghan: The Soviet Experience is a 1989 documentary film produced and directed by Jeff B. Harmon about the Soviet war in Afghanistan. It tells the stories of officers and soldiers serving in various units The Atomic City is a 1952 drama film directed by Jerry Hopper, starring Gene Barry, Lydia Clarke. At Los Alamos, New Mexico, a nuclear physicist (Gene Barry) lives and works. Terrorists kidnap Barry's Personal Effects is a 2009 American/German drama film directed by David Hollander and starring Kathy Bates, Ashton Kutcher, and Michelle Pfeiffer. It is based on Rick Moody's book Mansion on the Hill). Five Easy Pieces is a 1970 American drama film written by Carole Eastman (as Adrien Joyce) and Bob Rafelson, and directed by Rafelson. The film stars Jack Nicholson, Karen Black, and Susan Anspach. The The Old Cobbler is a 1914 silent drama film directed by Murdock MacQuarrie and featuring Lon Chaney, Sr. It was MacQuarrie's debut film as a director. The film is now considered to be lost. Saratoga Trunk is a 1945 film written by Edna Ferber and Casey Robinson, based on Ferber's best-selling novel of the same name. It stars Gary Cooper, Ingrid Bergman, Florence Bates, and Flora Robson, The Wild North is a 1952 American western film directed by Andrew Marton and starring Stewart Granger, Wendell Corey and Cyd Charisse. A trapper goes on the run in the Canadian wilderness, pursued by The Masquerader is a 1914 film written and directed by Charles Chaplin and starring Chaplin and Roscoe Arbuckle. Its running time is 16 minutes. It is the tenth film directed and the second written by Illegally Yours is a 1988 comedy film set in St. Augustine, Florida where a series of comic mishaps involving a blackmailer, a corpse, an incriminating audiotape, an innocent woman who accidentally picks Mr. Skeffington is a 1944 drama film about a beautiful woman whose many suitors, and self-love, distract her from returning the affections of her husband, Job Skeffington. It also makes a point about Mrs. Parkington is a 1944 drama film. It tells the story of a woman's life, told in flashbacks, from hotel maid to society matron. The movie was adapted by Polly James and Robert Thoeren from the novel Maze is a 2000 romance film about a New York painter and sculptor—Lyle Maze—with Tourette syndrome (TS) and obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD), who falls in love with Callie, the pregnant girlfriend Screwball ""Screwy"" Squirrel is a cartoon character, an anthropomorphic squirrel created by Tex Avery for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, generally considered the wackiest of the screwball cartoon characters of the Reindeer Games (also known as Deception) is a 2000 movie, directed by John Frankenheimer and starring Ben Affleck, Gary Sinise, and Charlize Theron. It was Frankenheimer's final theatrically released Breathing Room (aka A Room to Breathe) is a 2008 horror film written and directed by John Suits and Gabriel Cowan. The film is said to be ""Low on camp and high on suspense"", with a plot that resembles Concrete Cowboys is a 1979 American TV Movie directed by Burt Kennedy and starring Jerry Reed and Tom Selleck. It was also a short-lived 1981 TV series with Jerry Reed reprising his role as J.D. Reed In Old Santa Fe is a 1934 Western film starring Ken Maynard and George ""Gabby"" Hayes. The movie features the first screen appearance of Gene Autry, singing a song with a bluegrass band that includes Smiley Mel Blanc (May 30, 1908 &ndash; July 10, 1989) was an American voice actor and comedian. Although he began his nearly six-decade-long career performing in radio commercials, Blanc is best remembered for United 300 is a short film that spoofs United 93 and 300. It won the MTV Movie Spoof Award at the MTV Movie Awards 2007. The short was created by Andy Signore along with some of his friends. During his Ijé is a Nigerian-American drama film written by Samuel Tilson &amp; Chineze Anyaene, produced by Paula Moreno &amp; Chineze Anyaene, directed by Chineze Anyaene and starring Genevieve Nnaji, Odalys García D.C. Cab is a 1983 comedy film, starring Mr. T, Max Gail, Adam Baldwin, Gary Busey and a special appearance by singer Irene Cara. The film was co-written and directed by Joel Schumacher. The R-rated comedy Hawmps! is a 1976 American film about a United States Cavalry experiment to introduce camels into the service in the western United States, specifically Wyoming. It was written by William Bickley, Joe Our Day is a silent documentary short directed by Wallace Kelly in 1938, about a day in the life of the Kelly family in Lebanon, Kentucky. It starred his mother, wife, brother, pet dog, and Wallace himself. Klepto is a 2006 straight-to-DVD independent thriller starring Meredith Bishop and Jsu Garcia. It is the debut film of director Thomas Trail and was screened at the 2003 CineVegas Film Festival. A Gesheft is a 2005 action movie, with a religious message, in the Yiddish language, made by ultra-Orthodox Jews from Monsey, New York. It is the first movie made by ultra-Orthodox Jews entirely in Yiddish Case 39 is a 2009 horror thriller film directed by Christian Alvart and starring Renée Zellweger, Jodelle Ferland, and Ian McShane. The film was shot in Vancouver in late 2006 and was released theatrically Fort Dobbs is the first of three westerns, directed by Gordon Douglas, which starred Clint Walker. (Next came Yellowstone Kelly in 1959 and Gold of the Seven Saints in 1961. ) Based on a screenplay by Lawyer Man is a 1933 Warner Bros. drama film directed by William Dieterle. The story is based on the novel by Max Trell and the film stars William Powell and Joan Blondell. By the time of the release, Apocalypto is a 2006 American film directed by Mel Gibson. Set in Yucatan, Mexico, during the declining period of the Mayan civilization, Apocalypto depicts the journey of a Mesoamerican tribesman who Hats Off is a Laurel and Hardy silent comedy film. It was made in 1927 by the Hal Roach Studios. It starred Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy and is considered a lost film. Hot Ice is the 165th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. Surf Crazy was the second surf movie by Bruce Brown. Filmed in 1959, it follows surfers to Mexico, Hawaii and California. Among the locations filmed was Velzyland in Hawaii, named for Brown's employer, Willowbee is a short film released in 2004. It was written and directed by George Kenyon. The film was premiered at the Aspen Film Festival on 6 February 2004. It was also featured at the 2005 US Comedy 13th Child is a 2002 direct-to-video horror film, based on the Jersey Devil. The screenplay was written by Michael Maryk and Cliff Robertson, who also stars in the film. The story is based on the book Moonstruck is a 1987 romantic comedy film directed by Norman Jewison. The movie was released on December 18, 1987, receiving largely positive reviews from critics. The film went on to gross $80,640,528 Walled In is a 2009 horror-thriller starring Mischa Barton. The film is based on the best-selling French novel Les Emmurés by Serge Brussolo. It is the English-language debut of critically-acclaimed French 'The Sitter' is a 1991 made-for-television gash movie, that hints at an appealing undercurrent of soft lesbianism, before turning into a disturbing examination of the female urge to torture young children. The Phynx is a 1970 comedy film directed by Lee H. Katzin about a rock and roll band named The Phynx and their mission in foreign affairs. The group is sent to the country of Albania to locate hostage Marty is a 1955 American film directed by Delbert Mann, starring Ernest Borgnine and Betsy Blair. The film was adapted from a teleplay by Paddy Chayefsky that was telecast live May 24, 1953, on The Goodyear Munchie is a 1992 comedy film. The film was directed by Jim Wynorski, and Jennifer Love Hewitt makes her debut as a film actress. The film stars Andrew Stevens and Loni Anderson . The film was released Shrek 2 is a 2004 American computer-animated comedy film, produced by DreamWorks Animation and directed by Andrew Adamson, Kelly Asbury and Conrad Vernon. It is the second film in the Shrek series and Plane Nuts is the fourth of five short subjects starring Ted Healy and His Stooges released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. A musical-comedy film, the short also featured Bonnie Bonnell as Healy's love interest. Strong Boy is a comedy film directed by John Ford. It was a silent film with a synchronized music track. The film is now considered to be a lost film. A trailer for the film was discovered in the New p.s. is a 2004 drama film directed by Dylan Kidd. The screenplay by Kidd and Helen Schulman is based on Schulman's 2001 novel P.S. I Love You So Damn Much. Paulie is a 1998 family film about a talking parrot named ""Paulie"". It was directed by John Roberts and written by Laurie Craig, and it was produced by Mark Gordon, Gary Levinsohn, and Allyson Lyon Segan 200 Motels is a 1971 American-British musical ""surrealistic documentary"" featuring Frank Zappa and The Mothers of Invention, produced at the famed Pinewood Studios, England. Directed and written by Frank Queen High is the title of an early musical-comedy produced by Paramount Pictures in 1930. Based upon a stage musical by Buddy DeSylva, Lewis Gensler, and Laurence Schwab, the storyline loosely concerns Indie Sex is a 2007 American documentary film directed by Lesli Klainberg. The four part documentary explores sexuality as it is presented and received in films and throughout film history. The movie Tiger Town is the first made-for-TV movie produced for the Disney Channel, produced in 1983. This is the very first Disney Channel Original Movie (the first of many). It was awarded a CableACE Award in Tickle Me is a 1965 western comedy-musical starring Elvis Presley. It is also the only Elvis film released by Allied Artists Pictures. It is said to have singlehandedly saved the Allied Artists studio Pale Rider is a 1985 American Western film produced by, directed by, and starring Clint Eastwood. This movie has plot similarities to the classic Western Shane, including a final scene that shares similarities The Window is a 1949 American black-and-white suspense film noir, based on the short story ""The Boy Cried Murder"" (reprinted as ""Fire Escape"") by Cornell Woolrich. The film, which was a critical success, Rocky IV is a 1985 American film written by, directed by, and starring Sylvester Stallone. It is the fourth and most financially successful entry in the Rocky franchise. In the film, Rocky Balboa plans Species II is a 1998 sequel to the 1995 film Species. It stars Natasha Henstridge, Michael Madsen and Marg Helgenberger, all of whom reprise their roles from the first film. It also features actor James Our Sons is a 1991 made-for-TV movie starring Julie Andrews and Ann-Margret as two mothers of gay sons, one of whom is dying of AIDS. As a small town waitress, Ann-Margret's character must overcome her Kabluey is a 2007 comedy film written and directed by Scott Prendergast. It stars Prendergast, as well as Lisa Kudrow, Teri Garr, Christine Taylor, Jeffrey Dean Morgan, and Angela Sarafyan. Chris Parnell Dr. Jack is the title of a 1922 movie starring Harold Lloyd. It was produced by Hal Roach and Directed by Fred Newmeyer. The story was by Jean Havez, Hal Roach, and Sam Taylor. The film was released on Dial 1119 is a 1950 film noir starring Marshall Thompson as a deranged escaped killer holding the customers of a bar hostage. It was directed by Gerald Mayer, nephew of Louis B. Mayer. Article 99 is a 1992 American dramatic film written by Ron Cutler and directed by Howard Deutch. It was produced by Orion Pictures and starred Kiefer Sutherland, Ray Liotta, Forest Whitaker, John C. McGinley, U Turn is a 1997 crime film directed by Oliver Stone, based on the book Stray Dogs by John Ridley. It stars Sean Penn, Billy Bob Thornton, Jennifer Lopez, Jon Voight, Powers Boothe, Joaquin Phoenix, Claire Red Light is a 1949 crime film, considered film noir, directd and produced by Roy Del Ruth. This unusual revenge film has an overtly religious theme, based on the story ""This Guy Gideon"" written by Don Bushy Hare is an animated Bugs Bunny Cartoon made in 1949, released in 1950, by Robert McKimson. Bugs winds up switched with a baby kangaroo and has to deal with 'Nature Boy', an aborigine who is hunting John Q is a 2002 film by Nick Cassavetes; starring Denzel Washington as John Quincy Archibald, a father and husband whose son is diagnosed with an enlarged heart and then finds out he cannot receive a Jinxed! is a 1982 comedy and drama film starring Bette Midler, Rip Torn and Ken Wahl. Directed by Don Siegel, the veteran filmmaker would suffer a heart attack during the troubled production. This would Dot. Kill, also known as 'Digital Reaper', is a 2004 crime thriller film directed by John Irvin and starring Armand Assante. The film currently has a user rating of 4.8 out of 10 on The Internet Movie At Risk is a 1994 film about a woman name Lara, after spending a year in Mexico unsuccessfully trying to save her marriage to Steven, returns to the U.S. to find Max, her lover in this AIDS cautionary The Racket is a 1928 American crime film directed by Lewis Milestone and starring Thomas Meighan, Marie Prevost, Louis Wolheim, and George E. Stone. The film was produced by Howard Hughes and written Tapeheads is a 1988 comedy film directed by Bill Fishman. The film features John Cusack, Tim Robbins, Sam Moore, and Junior Walker. There are also a number of cameos including ""Weird Al"" Yankovic, Don Cabin Boy is a 1994 fantasy comedy film directed by Adam Resnick and produced by Tim Burton, which starred comedian Chris Elliott. Elliott co-wrote the film with Adam Resnick. Both men worked for Late Hell Below is a MGM film set in the Adriatic during World War I about submarine warfare based on Commander Edward Ellsberg's novel Pigboats, starring Robert Montgomery, Walter Huston, Robert Young, Madge The Sting is a 1973 American caper film set in September 1936 that involves a complicated plot by two professional grifters to con a mob boss. The film was directed by George Roy Hill, who previously Smith! is a 1969 Western Film starring Glenn Ford. Native american Jimmyboy flees to the ranch owned by Smith, a white man raised by a Native American. Jimmyboy has been accused of a crime by a white His People is a 1925 silent film about a young, Jewish boxer growing up on the Lower East Side of Manhattan directed by Edward Sloman. According to film historian Lester Friedman, “Sloman’s compelling Thumbtanic is a 2002 short film, directed by Todd Portugal and written by Steve Oedekerk, which parodies the 1997 film Titanic. It is a part of the Thumbs! series, created by Steve Oedekerk and produced Night Tide is a 1961 thriller film, written and directed by Curtis Harrington and starring Dennis Hopper. It premiered in 1961, but was held up from general release until 1963. The film was restored by Jacknife is a 1989 American film directed by David Jones and starring Robert De Niro and Ed Harris. The film focuses on a small, serious story, with emphasis on characterization and the complex tension T-Men (1947) is a semidocumentary style film noir shot in black and white. The film was directed by Anthony Mann with cinematography by noted noir cameraman John Alton. The B-movie is featured in Visions DiG! is a 2004 documentary film directed by Ondi Timoner, and produced by Ondi Timoner, Vasco Nunes and David Timoner. Compiled from seven years of footage, it contrasts the developing careers of the Stage Door is a RKO film, adapted from the play by the same name, that tells the story of several would-be actresses who live together in a boarding house at 158 West 58th Street in New York City. The Beau Hunks is a 1931 movie starring Laurel and Hardy and directed by James W. Horne. Beau Hunks is both a reference to Beau Geste and a pun on the mild ethnic slur Bohunk (a portmanteau of ""Bohemian"" Deep Shock is a movie which premiered on the Sci-Fi Channel on 2003. In the film, an unknown underwater object disables an American nuclear-powered submarine and attacks a submerged Arctic research complex. Facing Ali is a 2009 American/Canadian documentary directed by Pete McCormack about Muhammad Ali (born Cassius Marcellus Clay, Jr. in Louisville, Kentucky) as told from the perspectives of some of the Bride Wars is a 2009 American romantic comedy film directed by Gary Winick and written by Greg DePaul, June Diane Raphael and Casey Wilson. The film stars Kate Hudson, Anne Hathaway, Candice Bergen, Bryan Two Tars, directed by James Parrott and released in 1928, is recognized as one of Laurel and Hardy's greatest films. A silent film, it largely consists of a 'reciprocal destruction' involving motorists C Me Dance is a 2009 Christian film, written and directed by Greg Robbins. It was produced by Uplifting Entertainment, and was released on April 3, 2009. It has been endorsed by the Leukemia &amp; Lymphoma Zelig is a 1983 American mockumentary film written and directed by Woody Allen, and starring Allen and Mia Farrow. Allen plays Zelig, a curiously nondescript enigma who is discovered for his remarkable Amblin' is a short film released in 1968. It is the first completed film shot by Steven Spielberg on 35mm. The film is a short love story set during the hippie era of the late '60s, about a young couple Will Penny is a 1968 western film directed by Tom Gries starring Charlton Heston and Donald Pleasence. It was based upon an episode of the 1960 Sam Peckinpah television series The Westerner called ""Line GET LAMP is a 2-disc documentary about interactive fiction (also known as text adventures) filmed by computer historian Jason Scott of textfiles. com. Scott conducted the interviews between February 2006 The Tested is a 2009 independent feature film written and directed by Russell Costanzo and produced by Melissa B. Miller of Shoebox Pictures. It is based on the award winning short of the same name. Chosen S1m0ne (also spelled Simone) is a 2002 science fiction drama film written, produced and directed by Andrew Niccol. It stars Al Pacino, Catherine Keener, Rachel Roberts, Winona Ryder and Rebecca Romijn 90 Miles is a 2001 documentary film written and directed by Juan Carlos Zaldívar. The film is a recounting of the events that lead Zaldívar to become a Marielito and leave Cuba for a better life in Miami. Lord Jeff is a 1938 film starring Freddie Bartholomew as a spoiled orphan who gets mixed up with some crooks, but gets set straight by a stint in a school. Jake Speed is a 1986 action/comedy film directed by Andrew Lane, produced by Lane, Wayne Crawford, and William Fay, written by Lane and Crawford, and starring Crawford in the title role. 8 Guys is a short film written and directed by American comedian Dane Cook. It was released in 2003, and was produced by Barry Katz and Brian Volk-Weiss. In addition to Cook, the film features Alonzo 36 Hours is a 1965 American suspense film, based on a short story by Roald Dahl, starring James Garner, Eva Marie Saint, and Rod Taylor, and directed by George Seaton. An American officer is deceived Joy Scouts is a 1939 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Edward Cahn. It was the 180th Our Gang short (181st episode, 92nd talking short, 93rd talking episode, and 12th MGM produced episode) that was xXx, pronounced ""Triple X"", is a 2002 action film starring Vin Diesel in the lead role as Xander Cage, a thrill seeking extreme sports enthusiast, stuntman and rebellious anarchist turned reluctant spy Tin Toy is a 1988 Pixar Animation Studios short film using computer animation. It was directed by John Lasseter and won the 1988 Academy Award for Animated Short Film, and was also the first testing of The Harpy (or Stan Lee's The Harpies) is a Sci Fi Pictures original film directed by Josh Becker. Stan Lee is the executive producer. The Harpy began pre-production on June 26, 2006 and first aired on Girl In 3D is a 2004 American movie directed by Luis Aira and starring Bevin Tucker, Coyote Shivers, Yareli Arizmendi and Jonathan Paley. The film premiered at the Cannes Film Festival. It has since gone Quiz Whizz is the 183rd short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. Never Fear is a 1949 American film about a dancer who finds herself dealing with polio, a potentially debilitating illness. The film's screenplay was co-written by Ida Lupino, who also directed the film, In Pursuit is a direct-to-video 2001 American film directed by Peter Pistor and written by John Penney, based on a story by Pistor. The film was shot in Encino, California. The Cutter is a direct to video film released in 2005, starring Chuck Norris and Joanna Pacula. It is Norris' last film before his retirement from acting. After a deadly kidnapping rescue gone wrong, Surfwise is a 2008 American documentary film about the 11-member Doc Paskowitz family, which was directed by Doug Pray. The film premiered at the Toronto Film Festival on 11 September 2007 and had its Goldengirl is a 1979 film directed by Joseph Sargent, loosely based on a science-fiction novel by Peter Lear, a psuedonym of Peter Lovesey. The screenplay was by John Kohn, with music by Bill Conti. This Freaks is a 1932 American horror film about sideshow performers, directed and produced by Tod Browning and released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, with a cast mostly composed of actual carnival performers. The Gospa (1995) is a religious drama starring Martin Sheen and Morgan Fairchild about events surrounding pilgrimages to a small village in Hercegovina where six school children claim Gospa appeared in 1981. Ransom! is a 1956 crime drama examining the reactions of parents, police, and the public to a kidnapping. Written by Richard Maibaum and Cyril Hume, the film was based on a popular episode of ""The United Beef IV is the fourth installment of the Beef series. It is a documentary about Hip hop rivalries and beefs (arguments). It was released on DVD on September 18, 2007. It was directed by Peter Alton and The Brat is a 1931 comedy film directed by John Ford. It is based on the 1917 play by Maude Fulton. A previous silent film had been made in 1919 with Alla Nazimova. This 1931 screen version has been updated Les Girls, also known as Cole Porter's Les Girls, is a 1957 musical comedy film made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was directed by George Cukor, produced by Sol C. Siegel with Saul Chaplin as associate producer Bella Mafia is a 1997 American television film starring Vanessa Redgrave and Dennis Farina. Redgrave was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Actress – Miniseries or Television Film. It is based Tagget (alternative title Dragonfire) is a 1991 crime drama / spy movie telemovie, in which the titular character &mdash; a disabled Vietnam War veteran and director of an electronics firm &mdash; investigates White Mama is a 1980 television film drama directed by Jackie Cooper and adapted from the novel of the same name by Robert C. S. Downs. It stars Bette Davis in the title role, with Ernest Harden Jr. , Not My Kid is a 1985 television film directed by Michael Tuchner, which was based on a 1984 book of the same name by Beth Polson (who also served as the film's executive producer) and Miller Newton; in 3 Dev Adam (translated as Three Mighty Men but also known as Turkish Spider-Man vs. Captain Turkish America) is an infamous low-budget 1973 Turkish film with unauthorized versions of Captain America, FBI Girl is a 1951 drama film about a female FBI employee who becomes involved in government plot involving corruption and murder. The film was directed by William A. Berke, and stars Cesar Romero, Margia A.P.E. X is a 1994 sci-fi film by Phillip J. Roth about a group of scientists who explore the past using robotic probes known as the A.P.E. X or ˝Advanced Prototype EXploration units˝. Body Shots is an American film written by David McKenna and directed by Michael Cristofer. Released in October 1999, Body Shots tells the story of eight singles whose night of drunken debauchery goes Enemy Gold is a 1993 action/adventure film starring Bruce Penhall, Mark Barriere and Suzi Simpson. It was directed by Christian Drew Sidaris and written by Wess Rahn and Christian Drew Sidaris. Amexicano is an award winning 2007 film directed by Matthew Bonifacio and written by Carmine Famiglietti. It won the Jury Award for producer/director Matthew Bonifacio in the category of Narrative Film High Wall (1947) is a film noir, starring Robert Taylor, Audrey Totter and Herbert Marshall. It was directed by Curtis Bernhardt from a screenplay by Sydney Boehm and Lester Cole, based on a play by Alan Ken Park is a 2002 drama film. The screenplay was written by Harmony Korine, who based it on Larry Clark's journals and stories. The film was directed by Larry Clark and Ed Lachman. The film revolves Brubaker is an American 1980 film about a prison in distress and the Warden Henry Brubaker who attempts to reform the system. The film boasts a large supporting cast of stars including Yaphet Kotto, Tim Citizen X is a made-for-TV film, released in 1995, which covers the investigation of the Soviet serial killer Andrei Chikatilo, who was convicted in 1992 of killing 53 women and children between 1978 Hoosiers is a 1986 sports film about a small-town Indiana high school basketball team that wins the state championship. The story is set during 1951/1952, when all high schools in Indiana, regardless Quick Pick is a 2006 comedy film directed by Will Vazquez. The movie stars John Bryant as Eddie; Anna Moreno-Nava as Monica; Angelina Assereto as Sonia; Oscar A. Diaz as Chris; Andy Sottilare as Dr. Otto One A.M. was a unique Charlie Chaplin silent film created for Mutual Films in 1916. It was the first film he starred in alone, except for a brief scene of Albert Austin playing a cab driver. Loose Loot is the 146th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. Green Fire is a 1954 MGM movie directed by Andrew Marton and produced by Armand Deutsch, with original music by Miklós Rózsa. It stars Grace Kelly, Stewart Granger, Paul Douglas and John Ericson. RocketMan is a 1997 science fiction comedy film that was produced by Walt Disney Pictures and Caravan Pictures and released on October 10, 1997. The film was shot on location at the Johnson Space Center RoboDoc is a 2008 movie that is distributed by National Lampoon. The comedy was written by two medical doctor brothers Doug and Scott Gordon M.D. and directed by Stephen Maddocks and co-produced by Donald S. Darko: A Donnie Darko Tale is a 2009 film directed by Chris Fisher and stars Daveigh Chase, Briana Evigan, and Ed Westwick. It is the sequel to the 2001 cult-hit Donnie Darko. The film was released Lady Ice is a 1973 crime film about an insurance investigator who becomes involved with a wealthy young woman he suspects of fencing stolen jewelry. The film was directed by Tom Gries, and stars Donald Bubble Boy is a 2001 comedy film directed by Blair Hayes and stars Jake Gyllenhaal in the title role. The film is a comedic remake of the film The Boy in the Plastic Bubble which was a drama film starring"
Category:American_media	11162	Category:Culture/Category:Cultural_anthropology/Category:Area_studies/Category:American_studies/Category:American_media Category:Culture/Category:Cultural_studies/Category:Area_studies/Category:American_studies/Category:American_media Category:Society/Category:Social_sciences/Category:Area_studies/Category:American_studies/Category:American_media Category:Society/Category:American_media Category:Society/Category:Communication/Category:American_media Category:Culture/Category:American_media Category:Society/Category:American_society/Category:American_media Category:Culture/Category:Humanities/Category:Area_studies/Category:American_studies/Category:American_media Category:Geography/Category:American_media Category:Nature/Category:American_media Category:Society/Category:Communication/Category:Communications_in_the_United_States/Category:American_media Category:Humanities/Category:Area_studies/Category:American_studies/Category:American_media Category:Humanities/Category:Area_studies/Category:American_studies/Category:American_society/Category:American_media Category:Humanities/Category:Entertainment/Category:American_media Category:Culture/Category:Entertainment/Category:American_media Category:Society/Category:Entertainment/Category:American_media Category:Science/Category:Interdisciplinary_fields/Category:Area_studies/Category:American_studies/Category:American_media	"52 Pick-Up is a 1986 crime thriller film directed by John Frankenheimer. The film stars Roy Scheider and Ann-Margret and is based on Elmore Leonard's novel of the same name. Juxtapoz Art &amp; Culture Magazine (pronounced Jucks-tah-pose) is a magazine created in 1994 by a group of artists and collectors including Robert Williams, Fausto Vitello, C.R. Stecyk III, and Greg Scream 4 is an upcoming slasher film and fourth installment in the Scream series. It was directed by Wes Craven and written by Kevin Williamson, writer of Scream and Scream 2, and co-writer of Scream T Takes is a 2008 Internet-exclusive 12-part series of two- to three-minutes episodic film series, each episode starring a different actor improvising for the camera. Shot during the 2008 Sundance International GamesRadar is a multi-format video game website featuring regular news, previews, reviews, videos, and guides. It is owned and operated simultaneously in the UK and US by worldwide publisher Future Publishing. Red August is an upcoming Hollywood film project about the Russia-Georgia conflict which turned into the 2008 South Ossetia war in August, 2008. Director and co-producer of this project is the Finnish-American Tuff Stuff is a long-running magazine publishing prices for trading cards and collectibles from a variety of sports. The magazine was launched in April 1984 by store owner Ernie White, who named the magazine Kalifornia is a 1993 thriller/road film, directed by Dominic Sena and starring Brad Pitt, Juliette Lewis, David Duchovny, and Michelle Forbes. The film focuses on a psychology student and his girlfriend Waiting... is a 2005 American independent film starring Ryan Reynolds, Justin Long, and Anna Faris. It was written and directed by Rob McKittrick. McKittrick wrote the screenplay while working as a waiter. Race Riot is a 1929 animated short subject, featuring Oswald the Lucky Rabbit. The short concerns Oswald trying to convince his horse, Mopey, to run in a horse race and win it. The cartoon is noted for 02138 was an independent magazine founded by Bom Kim and purchased by David Bradley; it featured graduates of Harvard University. The publication was, however, not actually affiliated with Harvard. The Question 7 is a 1961 film directed by Stuart Rosenberg and starring Michael Gwynn, Margaret Jahnen and Christian de Bresson. It won the National Board of Review Award for Best Film. It was also entered King Klunk is a 1933 animated short subject, produced and directed by Walter Lantz and featuring Pooch the Pup. The cartoon is a parody of the RKO feature King Kong, which premiered six months earlier Death Gate is a computer adventure game loosely based on Margaret Weis and Tracy Hickman's fantasy book series The Death Gate Cycle. Legend Entertainment released it in 1994. It received several gaming Dead Roses is an American independent zombie horror film. The film, described as ""Night of the Living Dead in the projects"" and ""Dawn of the Dead in the hood"" was independently produced in Brooklyn, New Norbit was a 2007 American romantic comedy film directed by Brian Robbins and starring Eddie Murphy and Thandie Newton. Produced by Davis Entertainment and Tollin/Robbins Productions, the film also stars A pennysaver (or free ads paper, Friday Ad is a kind of free community periodical available in North America that advertises items for sale. Frequently pennysavers are actually called The Pennysaver . Fire Birds (also known as Wings of the Apache) is a 1990 action-thriller film directed by David Green and produced by William Badalato, Keith Barish and Arnold Kopelson. The storyline was conceived from Hare Do is a 1948 Merrie Melodies Cartoon starring Bugs Bunny and Elmer Fudd which was released in 1949. It is one of the few Bugs Bunny/ Elmer Fudd pairings directed by Friz Freleng that was released Texterity, Inc. , is a privately-held American-based full-service provider of digital and mobile publishing solutions, converting, maintaining, and tracking more than 1,000 digital editions for consumer, Old Gringo is a 1989 film directed by Luis Puenzo and co-written with Aída Bortnik, based on the novel Gringo Viejo by Mexican novelist Carlos Fuentes. The film stars Jane Fonda, Gregory Peck, and Jimmy Viacom, short for ""Video &amp; Audio Communications"", is a United States-based media conglomerate with interests primarily in, but not limited to, cinema and cable television. As of 2010, it is the world's Bloodfist is a 1989 martial arts movie starring Don ""The Dragon"" Wilson. Wilson plays a dojo sensei in California who travels to Manila to avenge his professional kickboxer brother, who was murdered after Homotopia is a 2006 film by Eric A. Stanley and Chris Vargas. This film is a radical queer critique of the politics of gay marriage and assimilation. Using a gritty feminist shoot-and-run style the film Darksiders, originally known with the subtitle Wrath of War, is an action adventure video game developed by Vigil Games and published by THQ. The game takes its inspiration from the apocalypse, with the 6 Guns is a 2010 western film by The Asylum. Aside from being The Asylum's first western, the film is also a mockbuster of the Warner Bros. Pictures/Legendary Pictures film Jonah Hex. Cactuses is a 2006 open-content motion picture created by the Arc2 Project, which consisted of twenty-four High School school students and five college students based in Manteca, CA. This movie is unique Fig Leaves is a 1926 silent comedy film directed by Howard Hawks, released by Fox Film Corporation, and starring George O'Brien. The film had one sequence, a fashion show, filmed in Technicolor. A print Don Criqui is an American sportscaster, currently employed as a play-by-play announcer for CBS Sports. Criqui's duties include occasional television coverage of National Football League games, women's Meet Dave is a 2008 American family comedy film directed by Brian Robbins and starring Eddie Murphy. The film was co-written by Bill Corbett and Rob Greenberg. The film was released by 20th Century Fox Annie Hall is a 1977 American comedy film directed by Woody Allen from a script co-written with Marshall Brickman. One of Allen's most popular films, it won numerous awards at the time of its release, Feet First is a 1930 comedy film starring Harold Lloyd, a very popular daredevil comedian during the 1920s and early 1930s. It was Lloyd's second &amp; most popular sound feature. It is also one of his Tight Spot is an American film noir directed by Phil Karlson and written by William Bowers, based on the play Dead Pigeon, by Leonard Kantor. It stars Ginger Rogers, Edward G. Robinson and Brian Keith. Barbarosa (Spanish for ""Red-Beard"") is a 1982 motion picture starring Willie Nelson and Gary Busey, about a young cowboy on the run from the law who hooks up with a famous bandito and learns about life Jet Moto 2 (known as Jet Rider 2 in Europe and Jet Moto '98 in Japan) is a 1997 racing video game developed by SingleTrac and published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation video game console. BioShock 2 is a first-person shooter video game developed by 2K Marin for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 video game consoles, and the Windows operating system. It is the sequel to the 2007 video game Tropico is a construction and management simulation computer game developed by PopTop Software and published by Gathering of Developers in April 2001. The game sees the player taking the role of ""El Presidente,"" Portal 2 is an upcoming first-person action/puzzle video game, developed by Valve Corporation. It is the sequel to the critically acclaimed 2007 video game Portal and was announced on March 5, 2010, following Cy Nesbe Bahakel (April 12, 1919 – April 20, 2006) was a North Carolina state senator and an American media magnate. Bahakel was born to a poor Lebanese family in Birmingham, Alabama on April 12, 1919. Choose Me is a 1984 American comedy-drama film directed and written by Alan Rudolph. It was rated R by the MPAA. The film's tagline is In the middle of the night, when there's no one else... The Paper is a 1994 American comedy-drama film directed by Ron Howard and starring Michael Keaton, Robert Duvall, and Glenn Close. The film depicts 24 hours in a newspaper editor's professional and personal Hexed is a 1993 comedy film, starring Arye Gross, Claudia Christian, Adrienne Shelly, and R. Lee Ermey. The film was apparently a minor financial success due to its low budget. Break. com (formerly Big-boys. com) is a humor website founded in 1998 that features comedy videos, flash games, and pictures among other material. The chief executive officer of Break is Steve Boss. To Die For is a 1995 American dark comedy film, made in a mockumentary format, directed by Gus Van Sant and written by Buck Henry, based on the novel of the same name by Joyce Maynard, which in turn was Mr. Nanny is a 1993 comedy film starring professional wrestler Terry ""Hulk Hogan"" Bollea. The working title of the film was Rough Stuff, and David Johansen (who plays the villain) also recorded a song Magic Kid, known in some countries known as Ninja Dragons, is a 1993 film about Kevin Ryan, an 11 year old karate-champion from Kalamazoo, Michigan, who spends his summer with his uncle, Bob Ryan and The Denial is a 1925 film directed by Hobart Henley. The film stars Claire Windsor, Bert Roach, William Haines, Lucille Ricksen and Robert Agnew. It is written by Agnes Christine Johnston based on the A New Leaf (1971) is a dark comedy film based on a short story by Jack Ritchie, starring Elaine May, Walter Matthau, George Rose and James Coco. Better known for her collaboration as a stage comedienne Magic Fire is a biographical film about the life of composer Richard Wagner, released in the United States on March 29, 1956 by Republic Pictures. It had been released in the United Kingdom on July 15, Eddie Lee Long (born May 12, 1953) is the senior pastor of New Birth Missionary Baptist Church, a megachurch in unincorporated DeKalb County, Georgia, United States, near Lithonia. When Long started as Memron is a 2004 ""mockumentary"" film inspired by the Enron scandal. This improv film stars Michael McShane as the corrupt Memron executive. Also starring are John Lehr, Evie Peck, and Claire Forlani. retroCRUSH has been a web site since March 2001 and is written and operated by Robert Berry. Known for its popular Halloween and scary movie content, galleries of ""retro babes"" (popular female personalities Blue Movie (1969), a.k.a. Fuck, is a film by Andy Warhol starring Viva and Louis Waldon. Warhol describes the film, ""in October '68 I shot a movie of Viva having sex with Louis Waldon. I called it just Bloodworth is a 2010 drama film directed by Shane Dax Taylor and based on Provinces of Night, a novel by William Gay, starring Val Kilmer, Kris Kristofferson and Hilary Duff. Diggstown (also known as Midnight Sting) is a 1992 movie directed by Michael Ritchie, and starring James Woods, Louis Gossett, Jr. and Bruce Dern. It also features Heather Graham, Oliver Platt and Randall Mango Kiss is a 2004 US comedy film written and directed by Sascha Rice. The movie is a love story between two lesbian friends, Lou and Sassafras. It is based on the play Bermuda Triangles written by Twin Beds is a 1942 film distributed by United Artists, directed by Tim Whelan, and starring by George Brent and Joan Bennett. The screenplay was written by Kenneth Earl, Curtis Kenyon and Eddie Moran, Zerophilia is a 2006 romantic comedy with speculative-fiction elements directed by Academy of Motion Pictures' Student Academy Award winning director Martin Curland and produced by Microangelo Entertainment. Katie Cook is an American actress, host and correspondent with the Country Music Television network in the United States. She has been with the network since 2001. She currently hosts CMT Insider. Cook Onionhead is a 1958 movie set on a U.S. Coast Guard ship during World War II. It stars Andy Griffith, Felicia Farr, Walter Matthau, and Erin O'Brien. The film was written by Nelson Gidding and Weldon Repo Men is a 2010 American science fiction action thriller directed by Miguel Sapochnik, and starring Jude Law and Forest Whitaker. It is based on the novel Repossession Mambo by Eric Garcia. Teen Wolf is a 1985 American fantasy comedy film released by Atlantic Releasing Corporation starring Michael J. Fox as Scott Howard, a high school student who discovers that his family has an unusual Knol is a Google project that aims to include user-written articles on a range of topics. The project was led by Udi Manber of Google, announced December 13, 2007, and was opened in beta to the public Hare Lift is a 1951-animated Looney Tunes cartoon starring Bugs Bunny and Yosemite Sam. It was released in theaters on December 20, 1952. The title is a play on the term ""air lift,"" as expressed in the Go. com (also known as The Go Network) is a web portal first launched by Jeff Gold, and now operated by the Walt Disney Internet Group, which is a part of The Walt Disney Company. The portal includes Megamind is an upcoming animated comedy film produced by DreamWorks Animation and Paramount Pictures. The film will be released worldwide in 3D on November 5, 2010. It will be starring the voices of Will His Hour is a 1924 silent drama film directed by King Vidor. It was the follow-up to Goldwyn's Three Weeks, written by Elinor Glyn, and starring Aileen Pringle, one of the biggest moneymakers at the time Postal III is an upcoming third-person shooter video game in development by Running With Scissors. It is the third game in the Postal video game franchise and is scheduled for release in North America Gymkata is a 1985 martial arts film starring Kurt Thomas as Jonathan Cabot, an Olympic gymnast who combines his gymnastic ability with ninjutsu to enter a deadly competition in a fictional country, Parmistan. The Boost is a 1988 drama film directed by Harold Becker. It stars James Woods, Sean Young, John Kapelos, Steven Hill, June Chandler and -- in her final role and first Hollywood film in 33 years -- Amanda 8mm 2 is a 2005 direct-to-video sequel to the 1999 Nicolas Cage film 8mm, although no aspects of the original film are involved with this release. It stars Johnathon Schaech and Lori Heuring. The film Simple Gifts is a 1998 feature film starring Joseph Stachura and Deborah Riecks. It was produced through the Knightsbridge Theatre in Los Angeles, and was directed by Joseph Stachura and produced by Deborah In the Year of the Pig is a 1969 documentary film about the origins of the Vietnam War, directed by Emile de Antonio. It was nominated for an Academy award for best documentary. The film, which is in The Wagons Roll at Night is a 1941 circus film, starring Humphrey Bogart as travelling carnival owner Nick Coster, Sylvia Sidney as his girlfriend and Eddie Albert as a newcomer who falls in love with True Story is an American magazine published by Dorchester Publishing. It was the first of the confessions magazines genre, having launched in 1919. It carried the subtitle Truth Is Stranger Than Fict Kansas Pacific is a 1953 U.S. Cinecolor motion picture directed by Ray Nazarro. It stars Sterling Hayden and Eve Miller. The movie is western, offering a fictionalized account of the struggle to build Gate II: Trespassers, aka Gate II and Gate II: Return to the Nightmare, is a 1990 sequel to the 1987 horror movie original that starred Stephen Dorff and as the previous directed by Tibor Takács, with Mickey's Mellerdrammer is a United Artists film released in 1933. The title is a corruption of ""melodrama"", thought to harken back to the earliest minstrel shows, as a film short based on a production Blue Steel is a 1934 Western film in which John Wayne plays a U.S. Marshal who is trying to capture the Polka Dot Bandit, who has taken off with $4,000. The Film is also sometimes referred to as ""An Innocent Lara Croft: Tomb Raider (or just Tomb Raider) is a 2001 adventure thrill film adapted from the Tomb Raider video game series. Directed by Simon West and starring Angelina Jolie as Lara Croft, it was released Stay Tuned is an American film directed by Peter Hyams. It starred John Ritter, Pam Dawber, Jeffrey Jones, and Eugene Levy. Despite its lackluster release, it became a cult film in the following years. The Mark of the Whistler is an American crime film noir directed by William Castle. The drama features Richard Dix and Janis Carter, among others. The film is the second of eight Whistler films starring Treading Water is a lesbian themed film written by Julia Hollinger and produced and directed by Lauren Himmel. It stars Angela Redman and Nina Landey and was released in the USA in 2001. It deals with Escape is a 1940 drama film about an American in pre-World War II Nazi Germany who discovers his mother is in a concentration camp and tries desperately to free her. It starred Robert Taylor, Norma Shearer, Who's Who in the Zoo is a 1942 Warner Bros. cartoon in the Looney Tunes series. It was directed by Norman McCabe, story by Melvin Millar, musical direction by Carl Stalling. Smile is a 1975 film directed by American director Michael Ritchie, with a screenplay by Jerry Belson, about a beauty pageant in Santa Rosa, California. It stars Bruce Dern and Barbara Feldon and introduced Hot Shots! Part Deux is a 1993 comedy/parody film, and a sequel to the 1991 comedy Hot Shots!. Directed again by Jim Abrahams, the film again stars Charlie Sheen, Lloyd Bridges, Valeria Golino, Richard Up in the Air is a 2009 American comedy-drama film directed by Jason Reitman and co-written by Reitman and Sheldon Turner. It is a film adaptation of the 2001 novel of the same name, written by Walter Arnold's Wrecking Company is Steven E. de Souza's first picture, released in 1973. It was filmed on Library Place, Princeton, New Jersey, with residents of the home of Ellwood and Shirley Kauffman receiving The Last Bounty Hunter is a live-action laserdisc video game released by American Laser Games in 1994. Like almost all of the games produced by the now-defunct company, it was a rail shooter and, like A Gun Fightin' Gentleman is a 1919 Western film directed by John Ford and starring Harry Carey. Because only three reels of originally five or six are believed to exist, this film is considered a partially No Strings is an upcoming American romantic comedy film directed and produced by Ivan Reitman. The plot was conceived from a screen play written by Elizabeth Meriwether. This film is about two people Sunny is a 1930 musical comedy film released by Warner Brothers. The movie was based on the Broadway stage hit, Sunny, produced by Charles Dillingham, which played from September 22, 1925 to December Sunny is a 1941 film adaptation of the Jerome Kern-Oscar Hammerstein II musical play Sunny. It is the second film version of the musical; the first was made in 1930, with Marilyn Miller, the show's original Bordertown is a 2006 American drama motion picture, written and directed by Oscar-nominated Gregory Nava and executive produced by David Bergstein, Cary Epstein, Barbara Martinez-Jitner, and Tracee Stanley-Newell. The Great Bank Robbery is a 1969 Western comedy film from Warner Brothers directed by Hy Averback and written by William Peter Blatty, based on the novel by Frank O'Rourke. The movie had a soundtrack Belle of the Nineties is Mae West's fourth motion picture, directed by Leo McCarey and released by Paramount Pictures. The film was based on West's original story It Ain't No Sin which was also to be Vietnam War Story II is a 1988 film that was released direct-to-video. The film consists of three 30 minute segments, each filmed by a different director. The first segment stars Wesley Snipes as a young Pickup on South Street is writer-director Samuel Fuller's 1953 film noir released by the 20th Century Fox studio. The film stars Richard Widmark, Jean Peters and Thelma Ritter. In June 1954, Ritter co-starred High School Hellcats is an American black and white 1958 film about a high school girl gang. The film stars Yvonne Lime, Bret Halsey, and Jana Lund. It is part of a series of exploitation films about Fort Apache is a 1948 western film directed by John Ford and starring John Wayne and Henry Fonda. The film was the first of the director's ""cavalry trilogy"" and was followed by She Wore a Yellow Ribbon If Someone Had Known is a 1995 television film based on a true story, directed by Eric Laneuville. Although the film received no critical acclaim, Kellie Martin was praised for her 'believable performance'. O: The Oprah Magazine, sometimes simply abbreviated to O, is a monthly magazine founded by Oprah Winfrey and Hearst Corporation. It was first published on April 19, 2000. As of June 2004, its average Athens, GA: Inside/Out is a documentary film about the mid-1980s music scene in Athens, Georgia, USA. The film features interviews and concert footage of local bands who were a part of the scene at the Gloria is a 1980 film written and directed by John Cassavetes. It tells the story of a gangster's girlfriend who goes on the run with a young boy who is being hunted by the mob for information he may Killer Entertainments is a joint venture by Jenny Terry and Raegan Kelly addressing the role of video in the War in Iraq. The project attempts to answer the question of how to present and analyze videos Albert Fish is a 2007 biographical documentary film directed by John Borowski. The film relates the life story of American serial killer and cannibal Albert Fish. In addition to interviews, period footage The Amateur Scientist was a column in the Scientific American, and was the definitive ""how-to"" resource for citizen-scientists for over 72 years (1928–2001), making it the longest running column in Scientific Friday Foster is a 1975 blaxploitation film, written and directed by Arthur Marks, and starring Pam Grier in the title role. Yaphet Kotto, Eartha Kitt, Scatman Crothers and Carl Weathers co-starred. It Water, Water Every Hare is a 1950-produced Looney Tunes cartoon released in 1952 featuring Bugs Bunny and Gossamer. The title is a pun on the line ""Water, water, everywhere / Nor any drop to drink"" from Splinter is a 2008 horror film directed by Toby Wilkins. It had a limited theatrical release on October 31, 2008 and stars Shea Whigham, Paulo Costanzo, Jill Wagner, and Rachel Kerbs. It was filmed near Vicky Cristina Barcelona is a 2008 romance comedy-drama film written and directed by Woody Allen. The film stars Javier Bardem, Penélope Cruz, Scarlett Johansson and Rebecca Hall. The plot centers on The Cole Nobody Knows is a documentary film on musician Freddy Cole, the younger brother of Eddie Cole, Ike Cole &amp; Nat King Cole. The film tells Mr. Cole’s story through interviews with musicians Redline is a 2007 American action film starring an ensemble cast. The film's plot is centered on a street racing circle funded by a group of multi-millionaires in order to test their high-powered supercars. Marmaduke is a 2010 American live-action film adaptation of Brad Anderson's comic strip of the same name. The film centers on the Winslow family and their pets - a Great Dane named Marmaduke and a Balinese Mustang Sally is a horror movie released in 2006. It stars Elizabeth Daily, Mark Anthony Parrish, Lindsey Labrum, Don Wallace, Erik Fellows and Al Santos. Six friends think that they are going to a house Live! is a 2007 film directed and written by Bill Guttentag and starring Eva Mendes, David Krumholtz, and Andre Braugher. It was released in April 2007 at the Tribeca Film Festival. Derailed is a 2005 American thriller film based on the novel of the same name by James Siegel. The film is directed by Mikael Håfström and stars Clive Owen, Jennifer Aniston, Vincent Cassel, Melissa George, Growth is a 2009 American horror film, written and directed by Gabriel Cowan. In 1989 on Kuttyhunk island, acclaimed scientist Mason Lane used microscopic parasites to advance human evolution. The experiment PANDORUM is an adventure game for the iPhone and iPod touch based on Starz Media’s sci-fi action thriller of the same name, Pandorum. The game was developed by Artificial Life, Inc. and launched on September The Mask of Fu Manchu is an adventure film released in 1932, featuring Boris Karloff as Fu Manchu and Myrna Loy as his daughter. The movie revolves around Fu Manchu's quest for the sword and mask of Genghis The Missouri Traveler is a novel by John Burress and a 1958 American coming-of-age period piece drama film based on the book directed by Jerry Hopper starring Brandon De Wilde and Lee Marvin . The cinematography A Halfway House Christmas is a 2005 film written and directed by Eric Moyer and produced by Frank Carney which starred Robert Romanus, an American actor who has starred in film and television. Rob is A Romance of Happy Valley is a drama film directed by D. W. Griffith and starring Lillian Gish. Believed lost for almost 60 years, a print was discovered in the 1970s in Russia. The Sleeping Sentinel is a 1914 American black-and-white silent film that depicted President Abraham Lincoln pardoning a military sentry who had been sentenced to die for sleeping while on duty. In the New York, I Love You is a 2009 romance film released in the United States on October 16, 2009. From the producer of Paris, je t'aime, it stars an ensemble cast, among them Bradley Cooper, Shia LaBeouf, NBA Showtime is a basketball video game by Midway. A descendant of NBA Jam and NBA Hangtime, Showtime is modeled after the NBA presentations on NBC. The original arcade version features team rosters from Yours for the Asking is a 1936 film starring George Raft as a casino owner and Dolores Costello as the socialite he hires as hostess. The movie also features Ida Lupino and was directed by Alexander H The CKY video series is a series of videos produced by Bam Margera and Brandon DiCamillo and other residents of West Chester, Pennsylvania. Four videos have been released to date, Landspeed presents: Changes, also known as Danielle Steel's Changes, is a 1991 television film directed by Charles Jarrott. The film is based upon the 1983 novel of the same name written by Danielle Steel. The Zodiac is a 2006 American criminal psychological thriller film based on the true events associated with the Zodiac: a serial killer who was active in and around northern California in the 1960s and Burnt Offerings is a 1976 horror film based on the 1973 novel of the same name by Robert Marasco. It is about a family who moves into a haunted house that rejuvenates itself with each injury and death Leatherneck Magazine of the Marines (or simply Leatherneck) is a magazine for United States Marines. It was first published as a newspaper by off-duty Marines at Marine Corps Base Quantico in 1917, and Tribute to a Bad Man is a 1956 western film starring James Cagney about a rancher whose harsh enforcement of frontier justice alienates the woman he loves. It was based on the short story ""Hanging's for The Curse of Quon Gwon: When the Far East Mingles with the West is a 1916-1917 black-and-white silent film. It was apparently never released and long thought lost. It was restored in 2006 by the Academy Thank You, Jeeves! is a comedy film starring Arthur Treacher and David Niven. The screenplay, written by Stephen Gross and Joseph Hoffman, is loosely based on the Jeeves novels of P.G. Wodehouse. I Hate Valentine's Day is a 2009 romantic comedy film written and directed by Nia Vardalos. The film stars Vardalos and John Corbett, previously seen together in Vardalos' hit 2002 film My Big Fat Greek Ace Drummond is a 1936 film serial based on the Ace Drummond comic strip drawn by Clayton Knight and written by Eddie Rickenbacker. It featured aviator Ace Drummond and his adventures around the world Detour is a film noir cult classic that stars Tom Neal, Ann Savage, Claudia Drake and Edmund MacDonald. The movie was adapted by Martin Goldsmith and Martin Mooney (uncredited) from Goldsmith's novel MouseHunt is a 1997 American slapstick/black comedy film, directed by Gore Verbinski, written by Adam Rifkin and starring Nathan Lane and Lee Evans. The story revolves around two brothers who inherit Torch Song is a 1953 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer feature film starring Joan Crawford and Michael Wilding in a story about a Broadway star and her rehearsal pianist. The screenplay by John Michael Hayes and Jan Caged Fury is a 1989 women in prison exploitation film about a group of prisoners who decide to escape from an all-female prison. The film was directed by Bill Milling, and stars Erik Estrada and James Transtar was the first radio network to provide 24-hour music programming to local affiliates. The slate of 24-hour networks is now owned by Westwood One and operated by Dial Global. The studios are located Zorns Lemma is a 1970 American structural experimental film by Hollis Frampton. It is named after Zorn's lemma (also known as the Kuratowski–Zorn lemma), a proposition of set theory formulated by mathematician I Trust You To Kill Me, released in January 2006, is a movie documentary directed by Manu Boyer and featuring the California band Rocco DeLuca and the Burden and Canadian actor Kiefer Sutherland, who Luxor is a game and series of action-puzzle computer games, developed by MumboJumbo, with the first initial release in 2005. The first sequel to this game was Luxor 2, which was released in 2006 and included Confessions Illustrated was a black-and-white magazine published by EC Comics in early 1956. Part of EC's Picto-Fiction line, each magazine featured three to five stories. The format alternated blocks The Atomic Submarine is a 1959 science fiction film starring Arthur Franz, Dick Foran and Brett Halsey, with John Hillard as the voice of the alien. The film was directed by Spencer Gordon Bennet, the Java Head is an American drama film directed by George Melford and starring Leatrice Joy, Jacqueline Logan, Frederick Strong, Alan Roscoe, and Betty Bronson in a bit part. It was based on the novel Java Triumph of the Spirit is a 1989 film, directed by Robert M. Young, and starring Willem Dafoe and Edward James Olmos. The majority of the film is set in the death camp at Auschwitz during the Holocaust Tunnels of Armageddon is an MS-DOS computer game involving racing and shooting while avoiding obstacles. The game features pseudo-3D graphics. Gameplay involves piloting a futuristic spacecraft through High Performance was a quarterly arts magazine founded in 1978 and published until 1997. Its editorial mission was to provide support and a critical context for new, innovative and unrecognized work in The National Film Registry is the United States National Film Preservation Board's selection of films for preservation in the Library of Congress. The Board, established by the National Film Preservation Music Radio Creative is best known as a company that produces custom voiceovers and radio jingles for music radio, talk radio, television, a mobile DJ disco or any project involving creative audio. Radio The Apple (a.k.a. Star Rock) is a 1979 musical science fiction film starring Catherine Mary Stewart and directed by Menahem Golan. It is a discoesque rock opera-styled feature, set in a futuristic 1994, Queen of Outer Space is an Allied Artists Pictures science fiction feature film starring Zsa Zsa Gabor, Eric Fleming, and Laurie Mitchell in a tale about a revolt against a cruel Venusian queen. The screenplay The Raven is a stylized silent 1915 movie biography of Edgar Allan Poe starring Henry B. Walthall as Poe. The movie was written and directed by Charles Brabin from a novel and play by George Cochran H Warpath: Jurassic Park is a video game released on the PlayStation console in 1999. It is a spin-off of the movies Jurassic Park and The Lost World: Jurassic Park, in turn adapted from bestselling novels The Battle at Apache Pass is a 1952 Universal-International western film starring Jeff Chandler as Cochise, the Apache chief of Broken Arrow. The film was rated as the No. 1 moneymaker in Variety magazine's Night of the Running Man is a 1995 American crime thriller film produced by Trimark Pictures and American World Pictures starring Scott Glenn and Andrew McCarthy. It is based on the 1981 novel by Lee Bolero is a 1984 film starring Bo Derek, and written and directed by her husband John Derek. The film centers on the protagonist's sexual awakening and her journey around the world to pursue an ideal The Velocity of Gary is a 1999 American dramatic comedy film, also known as The Velocity of Gary (Not His Real Name), and starring Thomas Jane as the title role, alongside Salma Hayek and Vincent D'On Denial is a 1990 American drama, written and directed by Erin Dignam. The film features Robin Wright as ""Sarah,"" a sometime actress and tall, dark, handsome loner, ""Michael"", as lovers, as they were in Macbeth is a silent 1908 film directed by James Stuart Blackton based on the William Shakespeare play of the same name. It is the earliest known film version of that play. It was a black and white silent ReadyMade (or Ready Made) is a bimonthly magazine which focuses on do it yourself (DIY) projects involving interior design, making furniture, home improvement, sewing, metalworking, woodworking and other The Matrix: Path of Neo is the third video game based on the Matrix series and the second developed by Shiny Entertainment. Players control the character Neo, participating in scenes from the films. It The Gunfighter is a 1950 western film starring Gregory Peck, Helen Westcott, Millard Mitchell and Karl Malden (who came back after a three year hiatus). This film was directed by Henry King. It was written Rasputin and the Empress is a 1932 film about Imperial Russia starring the Barrymore siblings - John, Ethel, and Lionel Barrymore. It is the only film in which all three appeared together. The film's The Same River Twice is a 2003 documentary by Robb Moss. The movie, as described by the Sundance Channel, “in 1978, filmmaker Robb Moss joined 16 free-spirited friends for a month-long rafting trip down Screen Tests are a series of silent film portraits consisting of several-minute unbroken shots of Factory regulars, Warhol superstars, celebrities, guests, friends, or anyone he thought had ""star potential"". Conflict is a 1936 film based on a novel by Jack London and a silent movie both titled ""The Abysmal Brute"". The film stars John Wayne, Ward Bond and Jean Rogers. Mary is a 2005 drama thriller film, written and directed by American director Abel Ferrara. The film stars Juliette Binoche, Forest Whitaker, Marion Cotillard, Matthew Modine and Heather Graham. The film The Big Broadcast of 1938 is a Paramount Pictures film featuring W.C. Fields and Bob Hope. Directed by Mitchell Leisen, the film is the last in a series of Big Broadcast movies that were variety show Forever Young is a 1992 film, directed by Steve Miner, starring Mel Gibson, Elijah Wood and Jamie Lee Curtis. The screenplay was written by J.J. Abrams from an original story, ""The Rest of Daniel"". The Three Weeks is a 1924 drama film directed by Alan Crosland. The movie is based on the novel by Elinor Glyn and was made into a film also in 1914. This version was directed by Perry N. Vekroff and starred The Flame and the Arrow is a 1950 American adventure film made by Warner Bros. and starring Burt Lancaster, Virginia Mayo and Nick Cravat. It was directed by Jacques Tourneur and produced by Harold Hecht The Fighting Kentuckian American comedy action film starring John Wayne and Oliver Hardy. The movie was written and directed by George Waggner and made by Republic Pictures. The film was also known as Unreal Tournament 2003 or UT2003 is a first-person shooter video game designed mainly for multiplayer gaming. The game is part of the Unreal franchise's series of games, and is a sequel to Unreal Tournament The Butcher's Wife is an 1991 romantic comedy film, in which a clairvoyant woman thinks that she's met her future husband, who she has seen in her dreams and is a butcher in New York. They marry and move Malicious is the title of a 1995 thriller film starring Molly Ringwald and Patrick McGaw. The plot follows a star college baseball player (McGaw) who has a fling with a disturbed woman (Ringwald) who The Red Man's View is a 1909 Western film directed by D. W. Griffith. Prints of the film exist in the film archives of the Museum of Modern Art and the Library of Congress. Whistling in Brooklyn (1943) is the third and last film starring comedian Red Skelton as radio personality and amateur detective Wally ""The Fox"" Benton. Wally prepares to marry his girlfriend, but gets 4-Player Bowling Alley is a 4-player, monochrome, ten-pin bowling arcade game released by Midway in 1979. This featured the ""Flash"" variation with its timing-based scoring scheme. To support this, an The Journal of Bisexuality is a peer reviewed, academic journal published by Routledge (Tayor &amp; Francis). It is the official journal of the American Institute of Bisexuality. The journal covers a Halloween: Resurrection is a 2002 horror film and the eighth installment in the Halloween film series. Directed by Rick Rosenthal, who had also directed Halloween II, the film builds upon the continuity The Oscar is a 1966 American drama film, written by Harlan Ellison, Clarence Greene, Russell Rouse and Richard Sale, directed by Rouse and starring Stephen Boyd, singer Tony Bennett (in his film debut), The Long Voyage Home is an American drama film and directed by John Ford. It features John Wayne, Thomas Mitchell, Ian Hunter, Barry Fitzgerald, Wilfrid Lawson, John Qualen, Mildred Natwick, Ward Bond, Little Miss Millions, also known as Home for Christmas is a 1993 comedy film. The film was directed by Jim Wynorski, who also contributed in writing. This film stars Jennifer Love Hewitt as the main character. Father was a Fullback is a 1949 black and white Twentieth Century Fox film based on a comedy by Clifford Goldsmith. The film is about a college American football coach and his woes. The film stars Fred The Compleat Beatles, released in 1982, is a two-hour documentary, chronicling the career of the ""Fab Four"". Though it has since been supplanted by the longer and more in-depth documentary Beatles Anthology, The Genesis Children is a 1972 art film by Lyric Films International, a company that specialized in photographing underage male nudes. The movie is highly controversial due to extensive full nudity scenes The Trap is a 1913 silent drama film directed by Edwin August and featuring Lon Chaney, Sr. The film is now considered to be lost. Chaney would later appear in an unrelated film of the same name in 19 My Name is Julia Ross is a film noir directed by Joseph H. Lewis, based on the novel The Woman in Red by Anthony Gilbert. This drama is the first in a series of film noirs directed by Lewis and features The Demons of Ludlow is a low budget 1983 horror film directed and produced by Bill Rebane. The plot revolves around murderous pilgrim demons that lurk inside an antique piano. The film was made in Wisconsin Games World of Puzzles is a puzzle magazine published bimonthly by Games Publications, a division of Kappa Publishing Group. It is a spinoff of Games magazine focusing solely on pencil puzzles. A centerpiece Max Hell Frog Warrior is a 2002 martial arts based cult film that was written, produced, and directed by Donald G. Jackson and Scott Shaw. This film is the fourth in the Hell Comes to Frogtown quadrilogy High Noon, also known as Nora Roberts' High Noon, is a 2009 made-for-tv movie directed by Peter Markle, which stars Emilie de Ravin and Ivan Sergei. The film is based on the Nora Roberts novel of the The Pursuit of Happyness is a 2006 American biographical drama film directed by Gabriele Muccino and based on the life of Chris Gardner. The film stars Will Smith as Gardner, an on-and-off-homeless salesman-turned Snoopy vs. the Red Baron is a flight combat game released on the PlayStation 2, PlayStation Portable, and PC in 2006. As the name implies, the protagonist is Snoopy, the dog in Charles M. Schulz's comic Jonah Hex is a 2010 American post-Civil War antihero Western film based on the DC Comics character of the same name. Under Warner Bros. , the film is directed by Jimmy Hayward and stars Josh Brolin as Mortal Kombat: Armageddon is the seventh title in the Mortal Kombat fighting game series. The PlayStation 2 version was released in stores on October 11, 2006 while the Xbox version was released on the Turok 2: Seeds of Evil is a first-person shooter video game for the Nintendo 64, Windows OS and the Game Boy Color. It was released in 1998 and is the sequel to Turok: Dinosaur Hunter. It was one of the Animal Crackers is a 1930 American comedy film, in which mayhem and zaniness ensue when a valuable painting goes missing during a party in honor of famed African explorer Captain Spaulding. The film was Dark Matter is the first feature film by opera director Chen Shi-zheng, starring Liu Ye, Aidan Quinn and Meryl Streep. It won the Alfred P. Sloan Prize at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival. Liu Ye plays Downtown: A Street Tale is a 2004 American drama film. Its focus is on a group of teenagers and twentysomethings living in the basement of an abandoned factory on 10th Avenue in Manhattan. Their leader Lucky Star is a romantic drama film starring Janet Gaynor and directed by Frank Borzage. The plot involves the impact of World War I upon a farm girl (Gaynor) and a returning soldier. The movie was produced Never Love A Stranger is a 1958 crime and gangster film shot in black and white starring John Drew Barrymore, Lita Milan, and Robert Bray, and featuring a young Steve McQueen. The noir film is about Frankie A Soldier's Plaything is a 1930 drama film directed by Michael Curtiz. Warners filmed this simultaneously in 35mm, and in a widescreen process called Vitascope, but it is uncertain whether the Vitascope City Limits is a 1985 post-apocalyptic movie about two teenage gangs who unite against an evil corporation trying to take them over for their own use. It was written and directed by Aaron Lipstadt and DC Showcase: Jonah Hex is an animated short film released as a bonus with Batman: Under the Red Hood. The short was written by noted Western comics writer Joe R. Lansdale. An expanded version of the short Mother Is a Freshman is a 1949 comedy motion picture directed by Lloyd Bacon and starring Loretta Young and Van Johnson. The film was nominated for an Academy Award for Costume Design. Channels, released in 2008, is love story sometimes described as delving into thoughts of existentialism. The film was written, directed, produced and acted in by Nat Christian. The film stars Kim Oja, The Weatherhead Collection is the semi-annual alumni outreach publication of The Weatherhead School of Management at Case Western Reserve University located in Cleveland, Ohio. Weatherhead is considered Primrose Path is a 1940 film about a young woman determined not to follow the profession of her mother and grandmother, prostitution. It stars Ginger Rogers and Joel McCrea. The film was based on the Freakonomics is a 2010 documentary film based on the book Freakonomics by Steven D. Levitt and Stephen J. Dubner. The film had its premiere at the Tribeca Film Festival in April 2010, with a theatrical Ship of Fools is a 1965 film which tells the overlapping stories of several passengers aboard an ocean liner bound to Germany from Vera Cruz in 1933. It stars Vivien Leigh, Simone Signoret, José Ferrer, Flawless is a 1999 American film that stars Robert De Niro and Philip Seymour Hoffman. Flawless was directed by Joel Schumacher, who also wrote the screenplay. Other cast members includes Daphne Rubin-Vega In the Sweet Pie and Pie is the 58th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. Crisis is a feature-length documentary about the 1938 Sudeten Crisis. It was released briefly before the Nazi occupation of Czechoslovakia on March 15th, 1939. The film was directed by Herbert Kline, Mr. Lucky is a 1943 film directed by H.C. Potter, starring Cary Grant and Laraine Day. It tells the story of a romance between a shady gambler and a wealthy socialite in the early days of World War II. Back in the Day is a 2005 Drama film starring Ja Rule and Ving Rhames and directed by James Hunter. The film was introduced on May 15, 2004 at the Cannes Film Festival and was released a year later in She Wore a Yellow Ribbon is a 1949 western film directed by John Ford and starring John Wayne. The film was the second of Ford's trilogy of films focusing on the US Cavalry (and the only one in color), She's Out of My League is a 2010 American romantic comedy film directed by Jim Field Smith and written by Sean Anders and John Morris. The film stars Jay Baruchel and Alice Eve, and was produced by Jimmy Out of the Fog is a 1941 film noir starring John Garfield, Ida Lupino and Thomas Mitchell. A gangster falls in love with the daughter of one of the fisherman from whom he extorts ""protection"" money. The Laura is a 1944 American film noir directed by Otto Preminger. It stars Gene Tierney, Dana Andrews and Clifton Webb. The screenplay by Jay Dratler, Samuel Hoffenstein, and Elizabeth Reinhardt is based Blue Sunshine is a 1978 horror film directed and written by Jeff Lieberman. The film has become a cult item among horror fans, remembered mainly for its creatively weird atmosphere and off-beat plot. War Paint is a 1953 Western directed by Clifford Odets, starring Robert Stack and Joan Taylor. A U.S. Cavalry lieutenant is assigned to deliver a peace treaty to a powerful Indian chief, but a band of Little Miss Pinkerton is a 1943 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Herbert Glazer. It was the 216th Our Gang short (217th episode, 128th talking short, 129th talking episode, and 48th MGM produced Lure of the Wilderness is a 1952 romantic adventure film directed by Jean Negulesco. The film, which was shot in Technicolor, is based on the 1941 novel Swamp Water by Vereen Bell, and is a remake of Rogue Trip: Vacation 2012 is a vehicular combat video game. It was developed by the game studio SingleTrac using the concept and the engine of their earlier series Twisted Metal, and published by GT Interactive, Loverboy is a 2005 dramatic film. It was directed by Kevin Bacon and the cast includes his wife, Kyra Sedgwick, as well as both of their children, Travis and Sosie. Thus far, it is the only film credit Blue Book was a popular 20th-century American magazine which had a lengthy 70-year run under various titles from 1905 to 1975. Launched as The Monthly Story Magazine, it was published under that title Mysterious Doctor Satan is a 1940 film serial named after its chief villain. Doctor Satan's main opponent is The Copperhead, a masked mystery man secretly Bob Wayne. The serial charts the conflict between Sunday is a 1997 independent film. Set in Queens, a borough of New York City, it is a dark comedy about an unemployed, homeless IBM functionary mistaken by an ageing actress for a famous film director. Comics &amp; Games Retailer was the longest-running periodical serving retailers who sell comic books, collectible card games, and role-playing games until it ceased publication in 2007. Launched in April Hit the Ice is a 1943 film starring the comedy team of Abbott and Costello and directed by Charles Lamont, who took over after the original director, Erle C. Kenton, was fired. Genesis II is a 1973 American TV film created and produced by Gene Roddenberry and directed by John Llewellyn Moxey. It opens with the suitably melodramatic line, ""My name is Dylan Hunt. My story begins Survival of the Dead (full title George A. Romero's Survival of the Dead) is a 2010 American\Canadian film by George A. Romero which follows a group of mercenary National Guardsmen who briefly appeared Fire Fighters is a 1922 silent short film, the second entry in Hal Roach's Our Gang (Little Rascals) series. Directed by Robert F. McGowan and Tom McNamara, the two-reel short was released to theaters Dick Tracy is a 15-Chapter Republic movie serial starring Ralph Byrd based on the Dick Tracy comic strip by Chester Gould. It was directed by Alan James and Ray Taylor. Aero Fighters Assault, known in Japan as Sonic Wings Assault, is a fighting airplane shooter for the Nintendo 64, released in November 1997. It pits a group of four pilots going after a fictional world-dominating Suspicion (1941) is a romantic psychological thriller directed by Alfred Hitchcock, and starring Cary Grant and Joan Fontaine as a married couple. It also stars Sir Cedric Hardwicke, Nigel Bruce, Dame Bodyguard is an American semi-documentary crime film noir directed by Richard Fleischer and written by Fred Niblo Jr. and Harry Essex, based on a story written by George W. George and Robert Altman, who Follow the Stars Home is a 2001 television film directed by Dick Lowry. The film is based upon Luanne Rice's 2000 novel of the same name and was produced for the Hallmark Hall of Fame. Hallmark Channel Stiletto is a 2008 American direct-to-video action film directed, written, and produced by Nick Vallelonga. It stars Tom Berenger, Michael Biehn, Stana Katic, William Forsythe, and Tom Sizemore. It premiered Paddy the Next Best Thing is a film starring Janet Gaynor and Warner Baxter. The screen comedy was written by Edwin J. Burke and Gertrude Page, and directed by Harry Lachman. Both the film's leads were Bedknobs and Broomsticks is a 1971 musical film produced by Walt Disney Productions which combines live action and animation and was released in North America on December 13, 1971. It is based upon the Ambush at Cimarron Pass is a 1958 Western film directed by Jodie Copelan starring Scott Brady and Clint Eastwood (third billed, later first billed upon reissue). The film also features Margia Dean, Irving Richelieu is a 1914 silent drama film directed by Allan Dwan and featuring Lon Chaney, Sr. The film is now considered to be lost. It's based on a play written by Edward George Bulwer-Lytton. Esquire is a men's magazine, published in the U.S. by the Hearst Corporation. Founded in 1932, it flourished during the Great Depression under the guidance of founder and editor Arnold Gingrich. The Vanishing Legion is a 1931 Mascot film serial directed by Ford Beebe and B. Reeves Eason. The stars Harry Carey and Edwina Booth were originally intended to be in the studio's previous serial, King The Fox News effect or Fox effect is a marketing term that states that the development of the cable news network Fox News Channel has had a major impact on the conduct of both domestic politics in the MacHeist is a website that resells Mac OS X shareware. The site has become known for its marketing tactics. These tactics include challenges (or ""heists"") that entitle successful customers to free software White Heat is a 1949 film noir starring James Cagney, Virginia Mayo and Edmond O'Brien and featuring Margaret Wycherly, and Steve Cochran. Directed by Raoul Walsh from the Ivan Goff and Ben Roberts screenplay Zoo Vet is a computer game designed by Legacy Interactive. In the game, you play a vet recently hired by a zoo, and have to give the animals vet care. Each level has five different animals to care for, Bank Shot is a 1974 film directed by Gower Champion and written by Wendell Mayes (based upon Donald E. Westlake's novel). The film stars George C. Scott, Joanna Cassidy, Sorrell Booke, and G. Wood. Uloop is a network of online marketplaces for college students, featuring classified advertisements (with textbooks, jobs, carpools, housing, for sale, travel, and events categories). The Nashville, TN Amie Street was an indie online music store and social network service created in 2006 by Brown University seniors Elliott Breece, Elias Roman, and Joshua Boltuch, in Providence, Rhode Island. They have Tokyo-Ga is a 1985 documentary film (shot in spring 1983) directed by Wim Wenders ostensibly about filmmaker Yasujiro Ozu. However, only two scenes actually focus on Ozu—one where Wenders interviews Ozu’s Fast Folk Musical Magazine (originally known as The Co-op), was a combination magazine and record album published from February 1982 to 1997. The magazine acted as a songwriter/performer cooperative, McQ is a 1974 crime drama starring John Wayne, Eddie Albert, Diana Muldaur, and Colleen Dewhurst. The film made extensive use of actual Seattle locations. The beach scenes were filmed on the Pacific coast SearchMe was a visual search engine based in Mountain View, California. It organized search results as snapshots of web pages &mdash; an interface similar to that of the iPhone's and iTunes's album selection. Fast Glass (also known as Kill Speed) is an upcoming direct-to-video action film directed by Kim Bass that stars Andrew Keegan and Brandon Quinn. The film is set in the scorched desert of Southern California Game Party is a video game developed by FarSight Studios and published by Midway Games. Game Party was retailed as a budget title exclusively for the Wii. It's the first game in the Game Party series. It's Pat, also known as It's Pat: The Movie, is a 1994 American comedy film directed by Adam Bernstein that stars Julia Sweeney, Dave Foley, Charles Rocket, and Kathy Griffin. The film was based on the Bug Too! is the sequel to Bug!, a Sega Saturn game that was also ported to Windows. Bug Too! was a third person platform/adventure game, and has lots of console-style play mechanics. You can play as Bug Juggs is a softcore pornography adult magazine published in the United States which specializes in photographs of women with extremely large breasts. It has been called ""the magazine of choice for breast 1:42:08 was George Lucas's senior project at the University of Southern California in 1966. It was named for the lap time of the Lotus 23 race car that was the subject of the film. It is a nonstory noncharacter Trism is a puzzle game for the Apple iPhone developed by Demiforce LLC. The game and developer made the news for being a rags to riches story. It makes use of the iPhone's built in accelerometer. It involves 10th &amp; Wolf is a 2006 film about the mafia directed by Robert Moresco. It is based on a true story of a mob war in South Philadelphia. The film stars James Marsden, Giovanni Ribisi and Brad Renfro. Bungles is a series of four American black-and-white short silent comedy films produced by Louis Burnstein in 1916. While the series featured Oliver Hardy, Marcel Perez acted in the leading role as Bungles. buzzdType Privately held companyFounded 2007Headquarters New York City, New York, United StatesIndustry mobile LBSWebsite http://www. buzzd. com Buzzd is a location-sensitive city guide and social network Dead End is a 1937 crime drama film. It is an adaptation of the Sidney Kingsley 1935 Broadway play of the same name. It stars Humphrey Bogart, Joel McCrea, and Sylvia Sidney. It is notable as being the Hexic is a puzzle game where the player tries to rotate hexagonal tiles to create certain patterns. The game was designed by Alexey Pajitnov, best known as the creator of Tetris. It was developed by Carbonated 25 Magazine is an urban arts, entertainment and culture magazine headquartered in Washington, D.C. In January 2008, the magazine launched online as The Grind Magazine and covered careers, student life, Glove Taps is a 1937 Our Gang short comedy film directed by Gordon Douglas. It was the 151st Our Gang short (152nd episode, 63rd talking short, and 64th talking episode) that was released. Slow Burn is an American motion picture starring Ray Liotta, Jolene Blalock, and LL Cool J, which is notable for the extended period between production and eventual release. A crime drama, the film was Stick It is an American teen comedy-drama film starring Jeff Bridges, Missy Peregrym, and Vanessa Lengies. It was written and directed by Jessica Bendinger, writer of Bring It On; the film marks her directorial Bee Movie is a 2007 computer animated family comedy film starring Jerry Seinfeld, Renée Zellweger, Matthew Broderick, Megan Mullally, John Goodman, Chris Rock, Kathy Bates, and Patrick Warburton. Produced Anarchy TV is a 1998 low budget, independent comedy film. It was directed by Jonathan Blank, and features Alan Thicke, Jessica Hecht, Jonathan Penner, Tamayo Otsuki, and Ahmet, Dweezil, Diva and Moon Mickey One is a 1965 surrealistic dramatic film starring Warren Beatty and directed by Arthur Penn from a script by Alan Surgal. Its kaleidoscopic camerawork, film noir atmosphere, lighting and design Salon. com, part of Salon Media Group, often just called Salon, is an online magazine, with content updated each weekday. Salon was founded by David Talbot as one of the internet's first online publications. Beer Wars is a 2009 documentary film about the American beer industry. In particular, it covers the differences between large corporate breweries like Anheuser-Busch and the Coors Brewing Company opposed Alfred Joseph “A.J. ” Benza (born June 2, 1962) is a gossip columnist and television host. He was born in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, New York City, though he moved with his family to West Islip, New York Breezy is a 1973 American romantic drama film, starring William Holden and Kay Lenz. It was written by Jo Heims and directed by Clint Eastwood. It was the third film directed by Eastwood. Eastwood does The Entity is a horror film supposedly based partially on a true story, starring Barbara Hershey as a woman tormented by an unseen entity. Despite being filmed and planned for a release in 1981, the movie Stormswept is a 1923 silent film starring brothers Wallace Beery and Noah Beery. The advertising phrase used for the movie was ""Wallace and Noah Beery, The Two Greatest Character Actors on the American The Advertising Council, commonly known as the Ad Council, is an American non-profit organization that distributes public service announcements on behalf of various sponsors, including non-profit organizations A Foundling, also known as The Mojave Experiment, is an American feature film which premiered at the 13th Annual Dances With Films film festival in 2010. Directed by Carly Lyn, the film stars Cindy Chiu 127 Hours is a 2010 drama-thriller film directed by Danny Boyle, written by Boyle and Simon Beaufoy and produced by Christian Colson, who previously teamed up for Slumdog Millionaire, and John Smithson. 21Sextury (aka 21 Sextury, 21st Sextury and 21Sextury. com Productions) is an American pornographic film studio. It also runs a number of pornographic websites. The company was founded in 2003, and has My Gal Sal is a 20th Century Fox musical starring Rita Hayworth and Victor Mature. The film is a biopic of 1890s composer and songwriter Paul Dresser and singer, Sally Elliot. The story it was based on UFOria is a science fiction/comedy movie starring Fred Ward, Harry Dean Stanton, Harry Carey, Jr. and Cindy Williams. It was directed by John Binder. The film includes also guest appearances by Peggy My Pal Gus is a 1952 dramedy which follows Gus (George Winslow) who is the young son of divorced industrialist Dave Jennings (Richard Widmark). Unable to cope with Gus' mischievous streak, Jennings places A Wild Hare (re-released as The Wild Hare) is a 1940 Warner Bros. Merrie Melodies animated short film. It was produced by Leon Schlesinger Productions, directed by Tex Avery, and written by Rich Hogan. 88 Minutes is a 2007 American thriller film directed by Jon Avnet starring Al Pacino, Benjamin McKenzie, Alicia Witt, Leelee Sobieski, Deborah Kara Unger, Amy Brenneman, and Neal McDonough. Filming began Hoop-La is a film notable as a Pre-Code film and as the final film appearance of actress Clara Bow. Bow plays as a carnival performer who sets out to seduce the boss' son in order to win a bet. Also in XBIZ is an American publisher of business news and business information for the adult entertainment industry. In addition to its flagship Xbiz. com website, XBIZ publishes two monthly trade magazines, 5 Fingers, known also as Five Fingers, is a 1952 American 20th Century Fox spy film directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz and produced by Otto Lang. The screenplay by Michael Wilson and Mankiewicz was based Starwinder is a sci-fi racing game for the PS1. The gameplay involves obtaining power ups and slowing down your opponents, allowing you to get to the finish line first. The gameplay is similar to those Date Night is a 2010 is an action comedy film directed by Shawn Levy and starring Steve Carell and Tina Fey. It was released in the United States on April 9, 2010. It was marketed as Crazy Night in Europe Blow Out is a 1981 thriller film, written and directed by Brian De Palma. The film stars John Travolta as Jack Terry, a movie sound effects technician from Philadelphia who, while recording sounds for Nazi Agent is a 1942 spy film directed by Jules Dassin. It stars Conrad Veidt playing identical twins, one loyal to the United States (U.S. ), the other a dedicated German Nazi. Though only a modest B GQ (originally Gentlemen's Quarterly) is a monthly men's magazine focusing on fashion, style, and culture for men, through articles on food, movies, fitness, sex, music, travel, sports, technology, and Party Wire is a 1935 drama film starring Jean Arthur and Victor Jory. It was based on the novel of the same name by Bruce Manning. In a small town, an overhead conversation on a telephone party line results Phffft! is a 1954 black and white romantic comedy starring Judy Holliday, Jack Lemmon, Kim Novak and featuring Jack Carson. It was written by George Axelrod and directed by Mark Robson, and was the second MySims, formerly The Sims Wii, is a video game developed by EA Redwood Shores and published by Electronic Arts as a spinoff to Maxis' The Sims franchise for the Nintendo DS and Wii in 2007, then re-released SSSSSSS (released as Ssssnake in the UK) is a 1973 horror film starring Dirk Benedict, Heather Menzies, Reb Brown, and Strother Martin. It was directed by Bernard L. Kowalski and written by Hal Dresner Voxant is a new media company based in Herndon, Virginia in the United States. Voxant is a privately held company which was founded in 2004. In April 2006, Voxant launched its new media network, syndicating Berdella is a serial killer horror film directed by Paul South and Bill Taft and stars Seth Correa, Steve Williams, Marc Saleme and Vito Spino. It is based on the true story of Kansas City serial killer Sonicsgate: Requiem For A Team (2009) is a 2009 educational feature documentary film about the rise and demise of the Seattle SuperSonics NBA franchise 1967-2008, having left Seattle after 41 years to YUDU (YUDU Media LLC) is a multinational private company headquartered in London, United Kingdom that develops &amp; supports the YUDU Self Publishing platform for computer, iPad &amp; iPhone. The company's Prime Cut is a 1972 American film produced by Joe Wizan and directed by Michael Ritchie, with a screenplay written by Robert Dillon. The movie stars Lee Marvin as a mob enforcer from Chicago sent to Kansas Love Nest is a comedy film, directed by Joseph Newman, and starring June Haver, William Lundigan, Frank Fay, Marilyn Monroe, and Jack Paar. The post-World War II comedy features an early supporting role RoboCop 3 is a science fiction film, released in 1993, set in the near future in a dystopian metropolitan Detroit, Michigan, and filmed in Atlanta, Georgia. Most of the buildings seen in the film were EE Times (Electronic Engineering Times) is an electronics industry newspaper published in the USA by EE Times Group, a division of United Business Media. Launched in 1972 by Gerard G. Leeds of CMP Publishing. WorldRadio was a monthly amateur radio enthusiast magazine published in the United States from July, 1971 to November, 2008. The magazine was published in English and drew its subscription base primarily Body Heat is a 1981 American neo-noir film written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan. It stars William Hurt, Kathleen Turner, Richard Crenna, Ted Danson, J.A. Preston, and Mickey Rourke. It may be cited Ratboy is a film released in 1986 and directed by and starring Sondra Locke. Though the film had a troubled production and was both a critical and commercial failure (which resulted in Locke receiving Red Tails is an upcoming film directed by Anthony Hemingway, from a script by John Ridley and story by executive producer George Lucas. It is based on the Tuskegee Airmen, a group of African American Blue Eyed is a 1996 film by Bertram Verhaag in which Jane Elliott is teaching a workshop on racism. She separates people regarding their eye color. The brown eye color people are considered to be superior Mimic 2 is a 2001 science fiction horror film, directed by Jean de Segonzac, with a script inspired by a short story of the same name by Donald A. Wollheim. The movie was a direct to DVD sequel to Mimic Dallas 362 is a 2003 film, starring and directed by Scott Caan. This film was Caan's debut as a director. The movie won the Critics Award at the 2003 CineVegas International Film Festival in Las Vegas, Beethoven's 3rd is the second sequel to the 1992 film, Beethoven. Additionally, this is the third installment in the Beethoven film series. It was never given a cinematic release, being released directly Beer and Pretzels is the second of five short subjects starring Ted Healy and His Stooges released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. A musical-comedy film, the short also featured Bonnie Bonnell, Healy's girlfriend Honky Tonk Freeway is a comedy film, released in August 1981 by Universal Studios. HONKY TONK FREEWAY involves a small Florida tourist town named Ticaw and the people who live there, led by William Devane Dances with Wolves is a 1990 American epic western film based on the book of the same name which tells the story of a Civil War-era United States Army lieutenant who travels to the American frontier to Purity is a 1916 American silent film written by Clifford Howard and directed by Rae Berger and starring Audrey Munson. It is notable for its nude scenes. The film was called ""Reinheit"" in Germany. All Crazy on the Outside is a 2010 comedy film starring and directed by Tim Allen. This is Allen's first time directing, and is notable for reuniting Allen with co-stars from many of his previous films. MDK is a third-person shooter game developed by Shiny Entertainment and released in 1997 by Playmates Interactive Entertainment in North America and Interplay Entertainment in Europe for the PC, Macintosh, Unreal Tournament is a first-person shooter (FPS) video game co-developed by Epic Games and Digital Extremes. It was published in 1999 by GT Interactive. Retrospectively, the game has also been referred Portland Magazine, also known as Portland Monthly since its inception, is an award-winning monthly magazine based in Maine. Founded in October 1985 by Colin Sargent and Nancy Sargent of Sargent Publishing, Creator is a 1985 film directed by Ivan Passer, starring Peter O'Toole, Vincent Spano, Mariel Hemingway, and Virginia Madsen. It is based on a book of the same title by Jeremy Leven. The Exterminator is a 1980 action movie written, produced and directed by James Glickenhaus and starring Robert Ginty as Vietnam veteran vigilante John Eastland, a.k.a. 'The Exterminator', who takes out Baraka (1992) is a non-narrative film directed by Ron Fricke. The film is often compared to Koyaanisqatsi, the first of the Qatsi films by Godfrey Reggio of which Fricke was cinematographer. Baraka's Renaldo and Clara is a surrealist movie, directed by and starring Bob Dylan. Filmed in 1975, during Dylan's Rolling Thunder Revue tour, it was released in 1978. In its original form, it is nearly four Morbid: A Love Story is a 2008 horror film, written, directed, and produced by Edward Payson, starring Liam J. Smith &amp; Anna Palestis. Smith plays the disturbed serial killer, Christian. Palestis plays Year of the Fish is an American animated film based on a ninth century Chinese variant of the fairy tale Cinderella, starring Tsai Chin, Randall Duk Kim, Ken Leung and An Nguyen. Written and directed Sheena is a 1984 Columbia Pictures film based on the comic character of the same name. A hybrid of action-adventure and soap opera-style drama, Sheena, shot on location in Kenya, told the tale of a female Greaser's Palace is a 1972 American cult film directed by underground filmmaker Robert Downey, Sr. A parable based on the life of Christ, it is full of references about the destruction of the world. Up from the Beach is a 1965 Anglo-American war film directed by Robert Parrish and starring Cliff Robertson, Red Buttons and James Robertson Justice. It was based on a 1959 novel by George Barr called Goldie Gets Along (also known as Beautifully Trimmed) is a 1933 film directed by Malcolm St. Clair, and starring by Lili Damita and Charles Morton. The screenplay was wtitten by William A. Drake, based First Action Hero is a cult 1994 film starring Fabio Testi as Tony Fierro with Ron Nummi as Hoagy and directed by Nini Grassia. It has the alternative Italian name Il Burattinaio. It has been cited as The 300 Spartans is a 1962 Cinemascope film depicting the Battle of Thermopylae. Made with the cooperation of the Greek government, it was shot in the village of Perachora in the Peloponnese. It starred Life with Feathers is a 1945 Merrie Melodies cartoon, directed by Friz Freleng and produced and released by Warner Bros. Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award for Animated Short Film. This cartoon Seeing Other People is a comedy film about a couple that decide to see other people two months before their wedding.  It was released in 2004, and is rated R. Outlaw Volleyball is a video game based on the sport of volleyball. It was originally published for Xbox and included a sampler CD of tunes by cover band Diffuser. It was later ported to PlayStation 2 Calling All Cars! is a downloadable game on the PlayStation Store created by David Jaffe, creative director of God of War. It was released on May 10, 2007. It is also included for free with a 1 year subscription Cheer Up and Smile is a 1930 American musical film directed by Sidney Lanfield. The film starred Arthur Lake, Dixie Lee and Olga Baclanova and a 23-year old John Wayne had a minor uncredited role. Bloody Disgusting is a website that covers horror movies with reviews, interviews and news. It is currently run by Brad Miska and Tom Owen. The former goes by the pseudonym Mr. Disgusting. According to Lulu on the Bridge is a 1998 romantic mystery drama film directed by author Paul Auster. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1998 Cannes Film Festival. Saturday's Lesson is a 1929 Our Gang short silent comedy film directed by Robert F. McGowan. Produced by Hal Roach and released to theaters by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, it was the 93rd Our Gang short to be Sappy Bull Fighters is the 190th and final short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. Man Without a Star is a 1955 western film starring Kirk Douglas as a wanderer who gets dragged into a range war. It was based on the novel of the same name by Dee Linford. American Yearbook is an award-winning 2004 American drama film written, produced, edited, and directed by Brian Ging. While the film itself is finished, and has been shown at various film festivals, there Alaska is a 1996 film directed by Fraser Clarke Heston starring Charlton Heston (as Colin Perry), Thora Birch (as Jessie Barnes), Vincent Kartheiser (as Sean Barnes) and Dirk Benedict (as Jake Barnes). Can-Can is a 1960 musical film made by Suffolk-Cummings productions and distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was directed by Walter Lang, produced by Jack Cummings and Saul Chaplin, from a screenplay by Children Underground is a documentary film directed by Edet Belzberg. The film follows a group of abandoned street children, aged eight to sixteen, who live in the Romanian subway system. The street kids The Sports Emmy Awards are presented by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences in recognition of excellence in American sports television programming, including sports-related series, live King is a monthly men's magazine geared toward African American and urban audiences. It features articles about hip-Hop and R&amp;B, as well as articles covering sports and fashion. The magazine is published Static is an American comedy-drama film directed by Mark Romanek. Static stars Keith Gordon, Amanda Plummer, and Bob Gunton, and was released in 1986 by NFI Productions. The film, which was written by Riders of Destiny is a 1933 Western musical film starring 26-year-old John Wayne as Singin' Sandy Saunders, the screen's first singing cowboy. Wayne's singing voice was dubbed and the film is considerably Home Media Magazine is a weekly trade publication that covers various aspects of the home entertainment industry, most notably DVD. Also covered is news relating to consumer electronics, video games, Neon City Magazine is a Las Vegas based magazine that profiles entertainment, fashion, nightlife and anything else relating to the Las Vegas Lifestyle. The magazine was founded by Michael J Giglia and The Native News Today is a weekly television show hosted by Gerald Wofford and Jason Salsman. It looks at various events happening throughout Indian Country from an Indian perspective and also endeavors Cannonball Run II comedy film featuring Burt Reynolds and an all-star cast, released by Warner Bros. and Golden Harvest. Like the original Cannonball Run, it is a set around an illegal cross-country race. It's in the Bag! is a 1945 comedy film featuring Fred Allen in his only starring film role. The film was released by United Artists at a time when Allen was at the peak of his fame as one of the highest-rated One Romantic Night is the title given to the first sound film version of Ferenc Molnár's play The Swan, and was silent screen star Lillian Gish's talking film debut. She starred as Princess Alexandra, Operation: Endgame is a 2010 action-comedy film directed by Fouad Mikati featuring an ensemble cast. It premiered on November 5, 2009 at the American Film Market and had a limited release in the US on Outside is a short film written and directed by Jenn Kao and starring Courtney Ford. The film won the Best Science Fiction/Fantasy Film award at the 2006 Comic-Con Independent Film Festival and a 2005 Palooka is a 1934 comedy film directed by Benjamin Stoloff starring Jimmy Durante. It is based on the comic strip by Ham Fisher. The movie was adapted by Jack Jevne, Arthur Kober, Gertrude Purcell, Murray PufnstufOriginal Theatrical PosterDirected by Hollingsworth MorseProduced by Sid and Marty KrofftSi RoseMalcolm AlperWritten by John Fenton MurrayStarring Jack WildBillie HayesMartha Raye'Mama' Cass ElliotBilly Giveaway of the Day (Abbreviated GOTD on the website) is a website that gives away a piece of licensed PC software for free every day. The site was launched on 24th October 2006. The site allows software Header is a 2006 horror film directed by Archibald Flancranstin. Adapted from Edward Lee's novella, it is set amid a provincial community and the untamed backwoods of West Virginia. Lee makes his film The Trail Beyond is a 1934 movie in the western genre starring John Wayne, Noah Beery, Sr. , and Noah Beery, Jr.. This film presents an extremely rare opportunity to see Wallace Beery's brother and nephew Uncle Joe Shannon is a 1978 American drama film directed by Joseph Hanwright and written by Burt Young, who also stars in the film. The film was produced by Robert Chartoff and Irwin Winkler and distributed Inkheart is a 2008 fantasy film directed by Iain Softley and starring Brendan Fraser, Eliza Bennett, Paul Bettany, Helen Mirren, Andy Serkis and Jim Broadbent. It is based on the novel with the same name Western Horseman, a monthly magazine published by the Magazine Division of Morris Communications, was first published in January 1936. It features articles on Western riding, the breeding and care of From Stump to Ship is an amateur industrial film by Alfred Ames, owner of the Machias Lumber Company, in Machias, Maine. The half-hour 16mm film was shot over the winter of 1930 in the logging woods and Hi, also known as Hi International, was a glossy, teen lifestyle publication targeted at Middle Eastern and Muslim youth. Like Al Hurra and Radio Sawa, the magazine was a tool of public diplomacy, produced Changing Husbands is a 1924 American silent comedy starring Leatrice Joy, and Victor Varconi, directed by Frank Urson and written by Sada Cowan and Howard Higgin. The runtime is 70 minutes. Lansdown is a 2002 dark comedy film written and directed by Tom Zuber. Paul Shields stars as Jake Jorgenson, a criminal defense attorney in the fictional town of Lansdown, New Jersey. The film won Best Astronomy is a monthly American magazine about astronomy. Targeting amateur astronomers for its readers, it contains columns on sky viewing, reader-submitted astrophotographs, and articles on astronomy Britannic is a romantic drama film directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith. It stars Edward Atterton and Amanda Ryan as star-crossed lovers on the forgotten sister ship of the RMS Titanic, the HMHS Britannic. Roswell is a 1994 television movie based on the alleged true story from the testimony of hundreds of witnesses about the U.S. military recovery of a flying saucer and its alien crew following a crash Around the Rings (ATR) is an independent media outlet that publishes news and information about the Olympic Movement since 1992. Most ATR news is disseminated via its website. It covers topics such as A Perfect Little Man is a 1999 American independent short drama filmdirected and written by Jeff Hare starring Neal McDonough as ""Billy Morrisson"", Tom Hale as ""Michael"", Jennifer Jostyn as ""Mindy"", Doug The Masked Bride is a silent drama film, directed by Christy Cabanne and starring Mae Murray, Francis X. Bushman and Basil Rathbone. Originally helmed by Josef von Sternberg, the director followed the Say It with Sables is a 1928 silent drama film directed by Frank Capra. It was produced by Harry Cohn for Columbia Pictures. Columbia no longer has a negative or print of this film, leaving it a lost Allegany Magazine is an independently operated sister publication of the Cumberland Times-News that publishes the works of writers, artists and photographers from Allegany County, Maryland. Each issue Secret of the Cave is a 2006 student film by the School of Visual Art and Design at Southern Adventist University. The film is an adaptation of the 1920 children's story of the same name by Arthur S. The Flamingo Rising is a drama film released in 2001 on television that was based on the novel The Flamingo Rising written by Larry Baker in 1997. The movie stars William Hurt, Elizabeth McGovern, and Annihilation Earth is a 2009 made-for-television science fiction film starring Luke Goss, Marina Sirtis, and Colin Salmon. It follows the attempts by an energy scientist to determine the causes of a deadly To All a Goodnight is a slasher film created in 1980 and directed by horror film veteran David Hess, it was written by Alex Rebar and stars Jennifer Runyon and Jennifer Howard. J-14 is a monthly teenage magazine marketed at girls in their early teens and younger. It is published by Bauer Publishing, the United States division of the German firm Bauer Verlagsgruppe. The contents Horses' Collars is the fifth short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. Anne of the Indies is a 1951 adventure film made by 20th Century Fox. It was directed by Jacques Tourneur and produced by George Jessel. The film stars Jean Peters (the future wife of Howard Hughes) and Smiling Irish Eyes, known as Hymyilevät silmät in Finland, is a sound (All-Talking) American musical film with Technicolor sequences. The film is now considered a lost film, however the Vitaphone discs Mackenna's Gold is a 1969 western film directed by J. Lee Thompson, starring Gregory Peck, Omar Sharif, Telly Savalas, Camilla Sparv, and Julie Newmar. It tells the story of how the lure of gold corrupts Other Men's Women is a 1931 American film directed by William A. Wellman and written by Maude Fulton. The film is about Bill, a railroad engineer, who falls in love with Lily, the wife of his co-worker Gold Diggers of 1933 is a pre-code Warner Bros. musical film directed by Mervyn LeRoy with songs by Harry Warren (music) and Al Dubin (lyrics), staged and choreographed by Busby Berkeley. It stars Ruby Wisconsin Trails magazine is a bimonthly regional magazine that covers life around the state of Wisconsin, from people, history and culture to travel, nature and environmentalism. Its circulation as of Sublime is a 2007 horror film directed by Tony Krantz and written by Erik Jendresen. Sublime is the second straight-to-DVD ""Raw Feed"" horror film from Warner Home Video, released on March 13, 2007. The The Naked Jungle is a 1954 film directed by Byron Haskin, and starring Charlton Heston and Eleanor Parker. Telling the story of an attack of army ants on a Peruvian cocoa plantation, it was based on the God Sleeps in Rwanda is a 2005 documentary short subject about five women affected by the Rwandan genocide. On January 31, 2006 it was nominated for the Academy Award for Documentary Short Subject. It Sunset Murder Case is a 1938 American film directed by Louis J. Gasnier, starring Sally Rand and Esther Muir. The film is also known as High Explosive in the United Kingdom. Weeds is a 1987 American drama film about a San Quentin inmate who writes a play which catches the attention of a visiting reporter. The film was directed by John D. Hancock, and stars Nick Nolte, Ernie Tension (1949) is a crime thriller film noir directed by John Berry, and written by Allen Rivkin, based on a story written by John D. Klore. The drama features Richard Basehart, Audrey Totter, Cyd Charisse, The Asphalt Jungle is a 1950 film noir directed by John Huston. The caper film is based on the novel of the same name by W. R. Burnett and stars an ensemble cast including Sterling Hayden, Jean Hagen, Follow Me, Boys! is a 1966 family movie released through Walt Disney Pictures, based on the book God and My Country by MacKinlay Kantor. It was the last production released before Walt Disney died of The Golden Child is a 1986 American comedy film starring Eddie Murphy. Murphy plays Chandler Jarrell, a social worker who is confronted by a young Asian woman, who tells him that he is the Chosen One The Galloping KidFile:Galloping Kid Poster. jpgDirected by Nat RossWritten by William Henry HambyArthur F. StatterA. P. YoungerStarring Hoot GibsonCinematography Arthur ReevesRelease date(s) 11 September, Trick 'r Treat is a 2008 Canadian/American dark comedy/horror film written and directed by Michael Dougherty, and based on his short film Season's Greetings. Originally slated for an October 5, 2007 release, The Nativity Story is a 2006 drama film starring Keisha Castle-Hughes and Shohreh Aghdashloo. Filming began on May 1, 2006 in Matera, Italy and in Morocco. New Line Cinema released it on December 1, 2006 Amexica is a 2010 American short film starring AnnaLynne McCord. It was written and directed by Ron Krauss. It has been screened at several festivals, such as the Palm Springs International Festival of Lawman is a 1971 American Western film starring Burt Lancaster, Robert Ryan, Lee J. Cobb, and Robert Duvall. The film is about the quest of a lone peace officer, Marshal Jered Maddox (played by Lancaster), The Night Watchman is a Merrie Melodies cartoon released to theaters on November 19, 1938. This short was the very first film directed by a then-credited Charles Jones after he was promoted from an animator Daedalus Publishing is an American publisher of erotic literature based in Los Angeles, California. Subjects range from leathersex to alternative sexual practices, such as BDSM. Daedalus was founded in NFL ""Prime Time"" '98 was a follow up to Sega's only football video game for the Sega Saturn, NFL '97. NFL '98 was released for the Sega Genesis in 1997. Like Sega's previous two NFL releases, NFL '98 Lady of Burlesque (also known as The G-String Murders and in the UK, Striptease Lady) is a 1943 American mystery film starring Barbara Stanwyck and Michael O'Shea, based on the novel The G-String Murders The Narrow Margin is an American film noir directed by Richard Fleischer and written by Earl Belton, based on an unpublished story written by Martin Goldsmith and Jack Leonard. Writers Goldsmith and Leonard Alice, Sweet Alice (also known as Communion or Holy Terror) is a 1977 independent American slasher film directed by Alfred Sole, and starring Linda Miller, Paula Sheppard, and Brooke Shields The Yoke's on Me is the 79th short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. The Wings of Eagles is a 1957 Metrocolor film about Frank ""Spig"" Wead and US Naval Aviation from its inception through World War II. The film is a tribute to Wead from his friend, director John Ford. The Pom Pom Girls (aka Palisades High) is a 1976 film directed by Joseph Ruben. The screenplay was written by Ruben and based on a story by him and Robert J. Rosenthal. The film was shot on location at Frequency is a 2000 film that contains elements of the time travel, thriller, and alternate history film genres. It was directed by Gregory Hoblit and written by Toby Emmerich. The film stars Dennis Quaid Mickey and the Seal is a cartoon short created by Walt Disney in 1948. It was nominated for Academy Award for Animated Short Film, but lost to Tom and Jerry cartoon The Little Orphan. Traditional Home magazine http://www. traditionalhome. com, published by the Meredith Corporation, is an upscale design and decorating publication that targets affluent readers. Traditional Home celebrates Nest: A Quarterly of Interiors was a magazine published from 1997 to 2003, for a total run of 26 issues. The first issue was Fall 1997, and the second issue was Fall 1998. Thereafter, the issues were The Perfect Game is a 2010 American drama film directed by William Dear, and based upon the 2008 book of the same name written by W. William Winokur. The film is based on a true story dealing with the Natural Selection 2 (NS2) is a multiplayer computer game mixing first-person shooter and real-time strategy gameplay. It is set in a science fiction universe, and is currently under development. Natural Unknown is a 2006 film directed by Colombian filmmaker Simon Brand and stars James Caviezel, Greg Kinnear, Bridget Moynahan, Joe Pantoliano and Barry Pepper about a group of men kidnapped and locked in A Woman's Secret is a 1949 film noir. It was based on the novel Mortgage on Life by Vicki Baum. It was directed by Nicholas Ray and starred Maureen O'Hara, Gloria Grahame and Melvyn Douglas. The Parent Trap III is a 1989 television movie. It is the second sequel to the 1961 film The Parent Trap. It was released by The Wonderful World of Disney in 1989. Hayley Mills reprises her role a second The Virtuous Sin is a 1930 American comedy-drama film directed by George Cukor and Louis J. Gasnier. The screenplay by Martin Brown and Louise Long is based on the play The General by Lajos Zilahy. Murder Can Hurt You is a 1980 ABC television movie that parodies detective and police TV shows of the 1960s and '70s, much like the way Murder by Death made fun of literary detectives. The plot involves Treat 'Em Rough (1942) is a film about a boxer called the Panama Kid who returns to his hometown with his trainer Hotfoot (William Frawley, who later played ""Fred Mertz"" on I Love Lucy) and valet Snake Beachhead is a 1954 Technicolor war film based on Captain Richard G. Hubler USMCR's 1945 novel I've Got Mine. It was filmed in Kauai by Aubrey Schenck Productions, released through United Artists and Weapons is a 2007 American film directed and written by Adam Bhala Lough. The film premiered in competition at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival and was released publicly by Lionsgate in 2009. Mr. &amp; Mrs. Bridge is a 1990 Merchant Ivory Film based on the novels by Evan S. Connell of the same name. It is directed by James Ivory, with a screenplay by Ruth Prawer Jhabvala and produced by Ismail Iron Jawed Angels is a 2004 film about the American women's suffrage movement during the 1910s. It was filmed in Virginia, produced by HBO Films, and released in 2004. It received a standing ovation at Moondance Alexander is a comedy/drama directed by Michael Damian and written by Janeen Damian. The film was released in North America in October, 2007. The story is set in Colorado and is based on actual Beastly is an upcoming fantasy romance film based on Alex Flinn's 2007 novel of the same name. The film is written and directed by Daniel Barnz and stars Vanessa Hudgens, Alex Pettyfer, Mary Kate Olsen, 8-Bit Rebellion! is a massively multiplayer online (and single player?) video game released and based on the American rock band, Linkin Park for iPod Touch, iPhone, and iPad. The game stages a plot in Witless Protection is a comedy film from Lionsgate, starring Daniel Lawrence Whitney and Jenny McCarthy written and directed by Chicago native Charles Robert Carner. Whitney plays ""Larry"", a small-town Miss Sadie Thompson is 1953 American musical 3D film starring Rita Hayworth, Aldo Ray, José Ferrer, and released by Columbia Pictures. The film is based on the W. Somerset Maugham short story Miss Thompson From 1929 to 1931, the Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer motion picture studio produced a series of short comedy films called All Barkie Dogville Comedies, sometimes known as the ""barkies"" (in a parody of ""talkies""). Decision at Sundown is a 1957 western film directed by Budd Boetticher and starring Randolph Scott. One of seven Boetticher/Scott western collaborations that also includes Seven Men from Now, The Tall Filipinas is a monthly magazine that caters to the Filipino American community. The magazine's inception was in 1992 and has become a nationally-distributed magazine that serves Filipinos in the United Doom Resurrection is a first-person shooter survival horror game developed by Escalation Studios for the iOS and published by id Software. It was released on 26 June 2009. John Carmack led the development Yes Man is a 2008 comedy film directed by Peyton Reed, written by Nicholas Stoller, Jarrad Paul and Andrew Mogel and starring Jim Carrey, Zooey Deschanel, Bradley Cooper, John Michael Higgins, Rhys Darby Obsession is a 1976 psychological thriller/mystery directed by Brian De Palma, starring Cliff Robertson, Geneviève Bujold, and John Lithgow. The screenplay was by Paul Schrader, from a story by De Palma Reader's Digest is a monthly general-interest family magazine co-founded in 1922 by Lila Bell Wallace and DeWitt Wallace, and based in Chappaqua, New York, United States. For many years, Reader's Digest Surviving Christmas is a 2004 comedy film, directed by Mike Mitchell and starring Ben Affleck. Despite being a Christmas movie, DreamWorks SKG released the movie towards the end of October. This was due The Chicken of Tomorrow is a 1948 documentary short film about advances in chicken and egg farming. This mini-documentary was narrated by Lowell Thomas and is in the public domain. The film was mocked Those She Left Behind is a 1989 made-for-TV movie about a father forced to raise his newborn daughter alone after the unexpected death of his wife in childbirth. The movie was inspired by the sitcom Full The Wild Women of Wongo is a 1958 American film directed by James L. Wolcott, featuring low budget, stereotypical portrayals of fictional tropical islanders. The movie was released on DVD in 2004. Secret Beyond the Door... is a psychological thriller and modern updating of the Bluebeard fairytale, directed by Fritz Lang, produced by Lang's Diana Productions, and released by Universal Pictures. Late Last Night is a 1999 television movie directed and written by Steven Brill. The film stars Emilio Estevez and Steven Weber and also features cameo appearances by Allen Covert and Kelly Monaco. It Sorority House Massacre is a 1986 slasher film in the same realm as the Slumber Party Massacre series, and was marketed as part of the ""Massacre Collection"". It is often criticized for being ""too similar"" Fatty and Minnie He-HawFile:Fatty and Minnie He-Haw screenshot. jpgScreenshot from the movieDirected by Fatty ArbuckleProduced by Mack SennettStarring Fatty ArbuckleRelease date(s) 21 December 1914Country Life Begins for Andy Panda is a 1939 short subject cartoon created by Walter Lantz. It features a baby panda character called Andy Panda to cash-in on the popularity of the United States' first captive Highballing to Victory is a short US propaganda film made toward the end of World War II about the importance of material and transportation in the war effort. After some stylized, art deco, opening credits, Three O'Clock High is a 1987 American high-school comedy-drama film, directed by Phil Joanou, written by Richard Christian Matheson and Thomas Szollosi, and produced by Aaron Spelling. It was filmed at Father Brown, Detective is a 1934 American mystery film directed by Edward Sedgwick and starring Walter Connolly, Paul Lukas and Gertrude Michael. It is based on the Father Brown story The Blue Cross Railroad Model Craftsman is an American magazine specializing in the hobby of model railroading. Its first issue was March 1933, and it was originally called Model Craftsman because it covered other areas Raffles is a 1939 film starring David Niven and Olivia de Havilland. It is one of several film adaptations of an 1899 novel by E. W. Hornung, Raffles, the Amateur Cracksman. Sidney Howard wrote the screenplay Three Little Pigskins is the fourth short subject starring American slapstick comedy team the Three Stooges. The trio made a total of 190 shorts for Columbia Pictures between 1934 and 1959. Vera Cruz is a 1954 American Western movie starring Gary Cooper and Burt Lancaster, and featuring Denise Darcel, Sara Montiel, and Cesar Romero. The Technicolor Western was directed by Robert Aldrich Soul Power is a 2008 documentary film directed by Jeff Levy-Hinte about the Zaire 74 music festival which accompanied the Rumble in the Jungle heavyweight boxing championship match between Muhammad Ali Stowaway is a 1936 American musical film directed by William A. Seiter. The screenplay by William M. Conselman, Nat Perrin, and Arthur Sheekman is based on a story by Samuel Engel. The film is about a Flying is an aviation magazine published since 1927. It is read by pilots, aircraft owners, and aviation-oriented executives in business and general aviation markets worldwide. It has the largest paid Scandal Sheet is one Drama Tv movie the 1985, starring Burt Lancaster as Harold Fallen, and also starred Robert Urich as Ben Rowan, Lauren Hutton as Meg North, Pamela Reed as Helen Grant. Writer: Howard Salmagundi is a quarterly periodical of the Humanities and Social Sciences aims to address the general reader. It was founded in 1965, and Skidmore College has produced it since 1969. The name refers Casanova's Big Night is a comedy film starring Bob Hope and Joan Fontaine, which is a spoof of swashbuckling historical adventure films. It was directed by Norman Z. McLeod. Hope plays a man who impersonates William Randolph Hearst (April 29, 1863 – August 14, 1951) was an American newspaper magnate and leading newspaper publisher. Hearst entered the publishing business in 1887, after taking control of The Renegades is a 1930 film by Victor Fleming about four French legionnaires in North Africa who are betrayed by a woman. It stars Warner Baxter and Myrna Loy (early in her career, when she portrayed exotic Bad Day at Black Rock is a thriller film directed by John Sturges that combines elements of Westerns and film noir. It tells the story of a mysterious stranger who arrives at a tiny isolated town in a Twelve Hours to Kill aka 12 Hours to Kill is a 1960 crime/drama film starring Nico Minardos and Barbara Eden. Barbara Eden was a relatively unknown film actress at the time of casting, however she was The Tree in a Test Tube is a 1942 short film produced by the U. S. Department of Agriculture, featuring Laurel and Hardy, with narration by Pete Smith. It is their only known surviving color film, shot Sebastian is a 2010 American independent thriller film directed by Gregori J. Martin and produced by Gruntworks Entertainment. Although originally scheduled for April 22, and later pushed to May, the Princess is a 2008 TV movie, shown first on ABC Family starring Kip Pardue and Nora Zehetner. Plot: A heart-warming enchanting story of discovery, adventure, and the timeless power of true love. Ithaca The Takeover is a 1995 action film starring Billy Drago and Nick Mancuso as rival drug lords. David Amos and Gene Mitchell play good-guys who try to intervene in the turf war. High School is a 1968 direct cinema documentary which follows the typical day of a group of students at Northeast High School in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It was one of the first direct cinema documentaries. Upstage is a free monthly publication covering arts and entertainment in New Jersey, USA. Each issue covers music, art, film, theatre, dance, poetry, literature and comedy. The magazine first appeared CSNY/Déjà Vu is a 2008 film directed by Bernard Shakey, a pseudonym for Neil Young. It focuses on the career of Crosby Stills Nash and Young, its musical connection to its audience and the turbulent times The Wizard (also known as Joy Stick Heroes in Germany), is a 1989 adventure dramedy movie starring Fred Savage, Luke Edwards, and Jenny Lewis. The film follows three children as they travel to California Desperate But Not Serious is a 1999 movie directed by Bill Fishman. It was released in the USA under the title Reckless + Wild. Out-of-towner Lily (Taylor) arrives in Los Angeles to attend a wedding reception Till The Clouds Roll By is a 1946 American musical film made by MGM. The film is a fictionalized biography of composer Jerome Kern, who was originally involved with the production of the film, but died Speechless is a 1994 romantic comedy starring Geena Davis (who also co-produced the film with her then husband director Renny Harlin), Michael Keaton, Christopher Reeve, Bonnie Bedelia and Ernie Hudso White Noise is a 2005 supernatural horror film, directed by Geoffrey Sax and produced by Brightlight Pictures. The title refers to electronic voice phenomena (EVP), where voices, which some believe to Paid in Full is 2002 American criminal drama film that was produced by Roc-A-Fella Films and directed by Charles Stone III. It takes place in Harlem at the height of the Crack Epidemic that hit during Winter of Frozen Dreams is a 2009 crime drama directed by Eric Mandelbaum, and starring Thora Birch, Keith Carradine, and Brendan Sexton III. The New York Post reported controversy on the film's set. Black Bart is a 1948 film starring Dan Duryea as the real-life cowboy bandit Charles Bolles. The 80 minute film was shot in Technicolor. Also known as Black Bart, Highwayman. Bad Boys is a 1995 American action comedy film directed by Michael Bay his directorial debut, and produced by Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer. The film, starring Martin Lawrence and Will Smith, spawned Tomorrow's a Killer is a 1987 Canadian-American thriller film directed by George Kaczender and starring David Birney, Susannah York and Yaphet Kotto. A policeman, haunted by his past, tries to hunt down"
Category:Members_of_the_United_Kingdom_Parliament	7004	Category:Politics/Category:Politics_of_the_United_Kingdom/Category:Parliament_of_the_United_Kingdom/Category:Members_of_the_United_Kingdom_Parliament	"Wilbraham Frederic Tollemache, 2nd Baron Tollemache (4 July 1832 &ndash; 17 December 1904), was a British Conservative Member of Parliament. Tollemache was the eldest son of John Jervis Tollemache, 1st Charles Anderson Worsley Anderson-Pelham, 2nd Earl of Yarborough (12 April 1809 &ndash; 7 January 1862) was a British nobleman who succeeded to the Earldom of Yarborough in 1846. Before his accession, Sir Arthur John Henniker-Hughan, 6th Baronet (24 January 1866 &ndash; 4 October 1925) was an Admiral in the Royal Navy and sat as Unionist Member of Parliament (MP) for Galloway from 1924 until his de Edward William Spencer Cavendish, 10th Duke of Devonshire, KG, MBE, TD (6 May 1895 &ndash; 26 November 1950), known as Marquess of Hartington (1908–1938), was the head of the Devonshire branch of the Stapleton Cotton, 1st Viscount Combermere GCB, GCH, KSI, PC (14 November 1773 &ndash; 21 February 1865), British field-marshal and colonel of the 1st Life Guards, was the second son of Sir Robert Salusbury Robert Adam Ross ""Bob"" Maclennan, Baron Maclennan of Rogart PC (born 26 June 1936, Glasgow) is a Scottish Liberal Democrat life peer. He was the last leader of the Social Democratic Party (SDP), serving John George Stuart Donaldson, Baron Donaldson of Kingsbridge (1907 &ndash; 8 March 1998) was a British politician and public servant. He married Frances Lonsdale in 1935. He was a soldier, farmer, prison Albert Victor Alexander, 1st Earl Alexander of Hillsborough, KG, CH, PC (1 May 1885 – 11 January 1965) was a British Labour Co-operative politician. He was three times First Lord of the Admiralty, including Terence George Boston, Baron Boston of Faversham QC (born 21 March 1930) is a British Labour Party politician. He was educated at King's College London where he took an LLB in law in 1954, and was called Geoffrey Benedict Clifton-Brown (25 July 1899 – 17 November 1983) was a Conservative Party politician in England. He was schooled at Eton College, and during World War II, he fought with the 12th Lancers, Moir Tod Stormonth Darling, Lord Stormonth-Darling (3 November 1844 – 2 June 1912) was a Scottish politician and judge. He was Member of Parliament for Edinburgh and St Andrews Universities from 1888 John Walter Edward Douglas-Scott-Montagu, 2nd Baron Montagu of Beaulieu (10 June 1866 – 30 March 1929), was a British Conservative politician and promoter of motoring. Montagu was the eldest son of Henry George Horatio Cholmondeley, 2nd Marquess of Cholmondeley PC (16 January 1792 – 8 May 1870), styled Viscount Malpas from 1792 to 1815 and subsequently Earl of Rocksavage to 1827 was a British peer and William Henry Walter Montagu Douglas Scott, 6th Duke of Buccleuch &amp; 8th Duke of Queensberry KG KT PC JP DL (9 September 1831 &ndash; 5 November 1914) was a Scottish Member of Parliament and peer. Edward Richard Russell, 1st Baron Russell of Liverpool (9 August 1834-20 February 1920), was a British journalist and Liberal politician. Russell was a newspaper man who also involved himself in politics. Derick Heathcoat-Amory, 1st Viscount Amory (KG, GCMG, TD, PC, DL, was a British Conservative politician. He served as Chancellor of the Exchequer from 1958 to 1960 and as Chancellor of the University (William) Neil Carmichael (born April 1961 in Hexham) is an English businessman, academic, and Conservative Party politician. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Stroud constituency in Gloucestershire This is a list of Life Peerages in the Peerage of the United Kingdom created under the Life Peerages Act 1958 from 1979 to 1997 grouped by the sitting Prime Minister. For a list of the living life peers George Philip Willis, Baron Willis of Knaresborough (born 30 November 1941, Burnley) is a politician in the United Kingdom. He is Liberal Democrat member of the House of Lords, and was Member of Parliament Donald Anderson, Baron Anderson of Swansea, PC, DL (born 17 June 1939, Swansea), is a British Labour Party politician who was a Member of Parliament from 1966 to 1970 and from 1974 to 2005. Educated at Alfred Henry Scott (24 June 1868 &ndash; 17 July 1939) was a British Liberal politician. Scott was born in Ardwick, Manchester. He entered business as a merchant in the city, and was elected to Manchester Alfred Walter Henry Allen, Baron Allen of Fallowfield CBE (7 July 1914 &ndash; 14 January 1985) was a British unionist and governor of the BBC. Born in Bristol, he was educated at East Bristol School Joan Christabel Jill Knight, Baroness Knight of Collingtree, DBE (née Christie, born on 9 July 1923 in London) is a former Conservative Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom. She was created a Life John Glencairn Carter Hamilton, 1st Baron Hamilton of Dalzell (1829-1900), was a Scottish soldier and politician. Hamilton was born in Marseilles, France, the only son of Archibald James Hamilton, 12th Norman Somerville Macfarlane, Baron Macfarlane of Bearsden, KT, DL (born 5 March 1926) is a Scottish industrialist and Conservative member of the House of Lords. Educated at the High School of Glasgow, Geoffrey William Algernon Howard JP (12 February 1877 &ndash; 20 June 1935) was a British Liberal politician. The son of the 9th Earl of Carlisle and Rosalind Frances Stanley, he was educated at Trinity Edward Miller Mundy (18 October 1750 – 18 October 1822) was an English Tory politician who represented the constituency of Derbyshire. Mundy was the only son of Edward Mundy and his wife Hesther Miller. Michael Henry Colin Hughes-Young, 1st Baron St Helens, MC (28 October 1912 &ndash; 27 December 1980) was a British army officer and politician. He served as a Government whip for eight years; after being Captain Richard Seymour-Conway, 4th Marquess of Hertford KG (22 February 1800 &ndash; 25 August 1870) was the son of Francis Seymour-Conway, 3rd Marquess of Hertford. Lord Hertford lived mostly in Paris, Thomas Pemberton Leigh, Baron Kingsdown (11 February 1793 &ndash; 1867), the eldest son of Thomas Pemberton, a chancery barrister, was born in London. He was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn in 1816, Donald Macaulay, Baron Macaulay of Bragar, QC is a British Labour politician and member of the House of Lords. Born 14 November 1933; educated Clydebank High School. He was raised to the peerage as Baron Jeffrey Sterling, Baron Sterling of Plaistow, GCVO, CBE, is a British businessman. He was executive chairman of the shipping line P&amp;O from 1983 to 2005, having joined the board as a non-executive Sir Harry Burrard, 1st Baronet (1 June 1755 – 17 October 1813) was a British General during the Peninsular War. After Woolwich Burrard joined the Royal Artillery, the 60th Foot and the 1st Foot Guards, William Thomas Rodgers, Baron Rodgers of Quarry Bank, PC (born Liverpool 28 October 1928), usually known as William Rodgers but also often known as Bill Rodgers, was one of the ""Gang of Four"" of senior George Woodyatt Hastings (25 September 1825 &ndash; 21 October 1917) was an English Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1892. Hastings was the only son of Sir Charles Hastings, Charles Wentworth-Fitzwilliam, 5th Earl Fitzwilliam KG (4 May 1786 – 4 October 1857) was a British nobleman. He was three times President of the Royal Statistical Society (1838–40, 1847–49 and 1853–5). John Joseph O'Neill (1888 – 20 April 1953) was a Liberal Party politician in England. At the 1918 general election, he stood as a candidate in the 2-seat Preston constituency, where he fell only 485 votes Donald Stirling Palmer Howard, 3rd Baron Strathcona and Mount Royal (14 June 1891 &ndash; 22 February 1959) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom. He was elected at the 1922 general Stewart Ross Sutherland, Baron Sutherland of Houndwood, KT, FRSE, FBA, FKC (born 25 February 1941) is a British academic and public servant and one of the UK's most distinguished philosophers of religion. Albert James Murray, Baron Murray of Gravesend (9 January 1930 &ndash; 10 February 1980) was a British Labour Party politician. At the 1964 general election he was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) William Hayes Fisher, 1st Baron Downham PC, KStJ (1853 – 2 July 1920), was a British Conservative Party politician. He held office as President of the Local Government Board and Minister of Information Peter Frederick Blaker Bennett, 1st Baron Bennett of Edgbaston OBE, JP (16 April 1880 &ndash; 27 September 1957), known as Sir Peter Bennett between 1941 and 1953, was a British businessman and Conservative John Ireland Blackburne (26 May 1783 – 27 January 1874) was a British Conservative politician. Born at Hale Hall, Lancashire, he was the son of John Blackburne, lord of the manor of Hale and member of Sir John Carmichael-Anstruther, 5th Baronet (1 June 1785 – 28 January 1818) was a British Member of Parliament for Anstruther-Easter Burghs between 1811 and 1818 Son of Sir John Anstruther of that Ilk, James Hamilton, CBE (11 March 1918 – 11 April 2005) was a British Labour Party politician. Hamilton was a constructional engineer and was on the national executive of the Constructional Engineering Union Sydney Thomas Franklin Ryder, Baron Ryder of Eaton Hastings (16 September 1916 &ndash; 12 May 2003), known as Don Ryder, was a businessman and Labour peer. The one-time Chair of the National Enterprise Edward Hugessen Knatchbull-Hugessen, 1st Baron Brabourne, PC (29 April 1829 – 6 February 1893) was a British Liberal politician. Born Edward Hugessen Knatchbull, he was the younger son of Sir Edward Knatchbull, James St Clair-Erskine, 3rd Earl of Rosslyn (15 February 1802 &ndash; 16 June 1866), known as Lord Loughborough from 1805 to 1837, was a Scottish soldier and Tory politician. Rosslyn was the son of James Henry Arthur Herbert the elder (c. 1756 &ndash; 21 June 1821, Westminster) was a major landowner in County Kerry, Ireland, and a member of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. He was educated at St John's Philip Charles Shelley Sidney, 1st Baron De L'Isle and Dudley GCH (11 March 1800 &ndash; 4 March 1851) was a British Tory politician. Sidney was the only son of Sir John Shelley-Sidney, 1st Baronet and James Anthony Stodart, Baron Stodart of Leaston (6 June 1916 &ndash; 31 May 2003) was a Scottish Tory politician. The son of a colonel in the Indian medical service, he took over the family farm at Kingston, William Morgan (28 March 1725 – 16 July 1763) was a Welsh politician of the mid-18th century. He was the eldest son of Sir William Morgan and his wife Lady Rachel Cavendish, daughter of William Cavendish, Henry Pelham Alexander Pelham-Clinton, 6th Duke of Newcastle-under-Lyne (25 January 1834 &ndash; 22 February 1879) was an English nobleman, styled Lord Clinton until 1851 and Earl of Lincoln until he Lilian Pauline Neville-Jones, Baroness Neville-Jones DCMG PC (born 2 November 1939) is a former BBC Governor and Chairman of the British Joint Intelligence Committee. Before her elevation to the Peerage William Pleydell-Bouverie, 5th Earl of Radnor PC (19 June 1841 &ndash; 3 June 1900) was a politician and a peer in the United Kingdom, styled Viscount Folkestone from 1869 to 1889. Edward George Fitzalan-Howard, 1st Baron Howard of Glossop PC (20 June 1818 &ndash; 1 December 1883), known as The Hon. Edward Fitzalan-Howard from birth until 1842 and then Lord Edward Fitzalan-Howard Sir Gilbert Henry Heathcote-Drummond-Willoughby, 6th Baronet, 1st Earl of Ancaster PC (1 October 1830 &ndash; 24 December 1910), known as The Lord Aveland from 1867 to 1888 and as The Lord Willoughby Charles William Henry Montagu-Scott, 4th Duke of Buccleuch &amp; 6th Duke of Queensberry (24 May 1772 – 20 April 1819) was the son of Henry Scott, 3rd Duke of Buccleuch and Lady Elizabeth Montagu. His Thomas Fermor-Hesketh, 1st Baron Hesketh (17 November 1881–20 July 1944), known as Sir Thomas Fermor-Hesketh, 8th Baronet, from 1924 to 1935, was a British peer, soldier and Conservative Member of Parliament. Sir William Pearce (18 March 1853 – 24 August 1932) was an English chemical manufacturer and Liberal Party politician in the East End of London, in England. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Limehouse Charles William Vane, 3rd Marquess of Londonderry KG, GCB, GCH, PC (18 May 1778 – 6 March 1854), styled The Honourable Charles Stewart from 1789 until 1813 and The Honourable Sir Charles Stewart from William Joynson-Hicks, 1st Viscount Brentford PC, PC (NI), DL (23 June 1865 – 8 June 1932), known as Sir William Joynson-Hicks, Bt, from 1919 to 1929 and popularly known as Jix, was an English solicitor George Percy, 5th Duke of Northumberland PC (22 June 1778 &ndash; 22 August 1867), styled Lord Lovaine between 1790 and 1830 and known as The Earl of Beverley between 1830 and 1865, was a British Tory George Thomas John Sotheron-Estcourt, 1st Baron Estcourt (21 January 1839 &ndash; 12 January 1915), known as George Bucknall-Estcourt until 1876 and as George Sotheron-Estcourt from 1876 to 1903, was James Alexander Douglas-Hamilton, Baron Selkirk of Douglas, PC, QC (born 31 July 1942), briefly The 11th Earl of Selkirk and styled Lord James Douglas-Hamilton (as a younger son of the 14th Duke of Hamilton Harcourt Vanden-Bempde-Johnstone, 1st Baron Derwent (3 January 1829 &ndash; 1 March 1916), known as Sir Harcourt Vanden-Bempde-Johnstone, 3rd Baronet, from 1869 to 1881, was a British peer and Liberal the Hon. George Herbert Windsor Windsor-Clive (12 March 1835 – 28 April 1918) was a British Conservative Party politician. Windsor-Clive was a younger son of the Hon. Robert Clive, younger son of Edward Peter Robert Drummond-Burrell, 2nd Baron Gwydyr, 22nd Baron Willoughby de Eresby PC (19 March 1782 – 22 February 1865) was a British nobleman. He was the son of Peter Burrell, 1st Baron Gwydyr (died 1820) Frederick William John Hervey, 3rd Marquess of Bristol (28 June 1834 &ndash; 7 August 1907) was a British peer and Member of Parliament (MP). Hervey was born in 1834 at Bristol House, Putney Heath, the David Edmond Neuberger, Baron Neuberger of Abbotsbury, PC, (born 10 January 1948) is a British lawyer. He was formerly a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary, and since 2009 has been Master of the Rolls, the second Robin Granville Hodgson, Baron Hodgson of Astley Abbotts CBE (born 25 April 1942, Leamington Spa) is a British Conservative Party politician. In both 1974 general elections, Hodgson unsuccessfully contested Sir Robert Uniacke-Penrose-FitzGerald, 1st Baronet (9 July 1839 – 10 July 1919), was a British Conservative politician. File:Robert Uniacke Penrose-Fitzgerald Vanity Fair 28 February 1895. jpg Mr Robert John Theodore Cuthbert Moore-Brabazon, 1st Baron Brabazon of Tara, GBE, MC, PC (8 February 1884 &ndash; 17 May 1964) was an English aviation pioneer and Conservative politician. He was the first Englishman John Thomas Hall (9 November 1896&ndash;11 October 1955) was a British Labour Party politician. Hall began working in a colliery in 1910, then served in the 1st Life Guards during World War I. After the Charles John Chetwynd-Talbot, 19th Earl of Shrewsbury, 19th Earl of Waterford, 4th Earl Talbot, PC (13 April 1830 – 11 May 1877), styled Viscount Ingestre between 1849 and 1868, was a British Conservative Sir (Frederick) John Frank Hall OBE, TD (21 September 1911 &ndash; 19 January 1978) was a British Conservative Party politician. Hall was educated privately and worked as a chartered secretary and company Colonel Henry Arthur Herbert PC (1815 – 26 February 1866), was an Irish politician in the Parliament of the United Kingdom. Herbert was the grandson of Henry Arthur Herbert, MP for Kerry from 1806 to Dale Norman Campbell-Savours, Baron Campbell-Savours (born 23 August 1943) is a British Labour Party politician. A Member of Parliament (MP) from 1979 to 2001, he now sits in the House of Lords. He was Edward Marjoribanks, 2nd Baron Tweedmouth KT, PC (8 July 1849 – 15 September 1909) was a British Liberal Party statesman who served in various capacities in the Liberal governments of the late 19th and William John Cavendish Cavendish-Scott-Bentinck, 5th Duke of Portland (12 September 1800 &ndash; 6 December 1879), styled Lord William Cavendish-Scott-Bentinck before 1824 and Marquess of Titchfield between Robert James MacGillivray ""Bob"" Neill (born 24 June 1952) is a British barrister and Conservative party politician. He has served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Bromley and Chislehurst since a by-election Ian Lavery (born 1962) is a British Labour Party politician, who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Wansbeck since the 2010 general election. He was previously the President of the National Union Sir John Marcus Fox MBE (11 June 1927 – 16 March 2002) was a British Conservative Party politician. He served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Shipley from 1970 to 1997. He was chairman of the 1922 Karen Patricia Buck (born 30 August 1958) is a British Labour Party politician, who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Regent's Park and Kensington North since 1997, and is a former Parliamentary Ronald (Ron) Joseph Ledger (7 November 1920 &ndash; 11 December 2004) was a Labour Co-operative politician in the United Kingdom. He was born in Tunbridge Wells. He served as Member of Parliament (MP) Harold Cox (Tonbridge, Kent 1859 - 1 May 1936) was a Liberal MP for Preston from 1906 to 1909. The son of Homersham Cox a County Court judge, Cox was educated at Tonbridge School in Kent and was Scholar Sir Hugh Edward Adair, 3rd Baronet (26 December 1815 – 2 March 1902) was a British Liberal Party politician who served from 1847 to 1874 as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Ipswich in Suffolk. He was the Sir Peter Derek Fry (born 26 May 1931) is a British Conservative Party politician. Born in High Wycombe, Fry was educated at the Royal Grammar School, High Wycombe, and Worcester College, Oxford. He became Hugh Law PC (Ire), QC (19 June 1818 &ndash; 10 September 1883) was an Irish lawyer, politician and Lord Chancellor of Ireland. Law was educated at Trinity College, Dublin where he received a Bachelor Anne Margaret Main (born 17 May 1957) is a Conservative Party politician in England. She was elected at the 2005 general election as the Member of Parliament (MP) for St Albans, defeating the Labour incumbent David Alan Keen (born 25 November 1937) is a British Labour Co-operative politician, who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Feltham and Heston since 1992. A formal investigation into Alan Keen Jake Berry (born December 1978) is a British Conservative Party politician. He is the Member of Parliament (MP) for Rossendale and Darwen, having won the seat at the 2010 UK General Election when he beat Thomas Guy Frederick Paget (29 July 1886 &ndash; 12 March 1952), was a British soldier and Conservative Party politician. Paget was the son of Thomas Guy Paget, of Ibstock, Leicestershire. His great-grandfather Barry Charles Legg (born 1949) was the Conservative Member of Parliament for Milton Keynes South West from 1992 until the 1997 general election when he was defeated by Labour's Phyllis Starkey. He was Isaac Butt Q.C. M.P. (6 September 1813 – 5 May 1879) was an Irish barrister, politician, Member of Parliament (MP), and the founder and first leader of a number of Irish nationalist parties and organisations, Patricia Glass (born 14 February 1957) is a British Labour Party politician, who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for North West Durham since 2010. She was born in Esh Winning, County Durham. Thomas Patrick (T. P. ) Gill (1858 – 1931) was a prominent member of the Irish Parliamentary Party in the late 19th and early 20th century and a Member of Parliament in the British House of Commons representing William John Olner (born 9 May 1942) is a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Nuneaton from 1992 until 2010. Previously, he had been Leader of Nuneaton Borough Council Dudley Long North (14 March 1748 &ndash; 21 February 1829) was an English Whig politician. Baptised Dudley Long at Saxmundham, Suffolk, he was the younger of two sons of Charles Long (1705–1778), landowner, William Ewart Morse (23 November 1878 – 18 December 1952) was an English businessman and Liberal Party politician, briefly member of parliament for Bridgwater and later a member of Wiltshire County Co Captain Sir Ion Hamilton Benn, 1st Baronet CB DSO (31 March 1863 – 12 August 1961) was a British politician and businessman. He was Conservative Member of Parliament for Greenwich from 1910 to 1922. Benn James Milnes Gaskell (19 October 1810 &ndash; 5 February 1873) was a British Conservative politician. James Milnes-Gaskell was the only child of Benjamin Gaskell (1781-1856) of Thornes House. He was born Morgan O'Connell (31 October 1804 &ndash; 20 January 1885), soldier, politician and son of Daniel O'Connell, the Liberator. He served in the Irish South American legion and the Austrian army. He was M.P. Sir Murdoch Macdonald (6 May 1866 &ndash; 24 April 1957) was a British politician. Born in Inverness, Macdonald was educated at Farraline Park Institution, Inverness. A consulting civil engineer by profession, William Scholefield (August 1809 &ndash; 9 July 1867) was a British businessman and Liberal politician. He was a leading figure in the the politics of the rapidly-growing industrial town of Birmingham Henry Harvey Vivian (20 April 1868 – 30 May 1930) was an English trade unionist, Lib–Lab, later Liberal Party politician and campaigner for industrial democracy and co-partnership, especially noted for Daniel Gerald Somerville (26 October 1879 – 1 July 1938) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom. He was elected at the 1922 general election as Member of Parliament (MP) for Barrow-in-Furness. Alfred James Wellbeloved (born 29 July 1926) is a former British politician. Wellbeloved was educated at South London Technical College and was a commercial and industrial correspondent. He served as William Nicolson Cuthbert (24 August 1890 – 7 May 1960) was a Conservative Party politician in England. He was elected at the 1945 general election as Member of Parliament (MP) for Rye, and when that Walford Davis Green (24 August 1869 &ndash; 17 November 1941) was a British barrister and Conservative Party politician. He sat in the House of Commons from 1895 to 1906. Green was born in Blackheath, Sir Francis Norie-Miller, 1st Baronet (11 March 1859 – 4 July 1947) was a British insurance company manager and Liberal later Liberal National politician. Although he was born in England, his chief associations Sir Austen Henry Layard GCB, PC (5 March 1817 – 5 July 1894) was a British traveller, archaeologist, cuneiformist, art historian, draughtsman, collector, author, politician and diplomat, best known as Benjamin Whitworth (1816 - 1893) was a United Kingdom politician, who represented constituencies in Ireland. He was returned for Drogheda, as a Liberal, in the 1868 general election. However his election Frederick James Tollemache (16 April 1804 – 2 July 1888, Ham House) was a British gentleman and politician. He was the fifth son of William Tollemache, Lord Huntingtower and Catherine Gray. Through the Charles Edgar Loseby (1881 &ndash; 1970) was a captain, lawyer and British politician being Member of Parliament for Bradford East. Before World War I, he was a teacher at St Cyprian's School, Eastbourne. Francis Edward Noel-Baker (7 January 1920 &ndash; 25 September 2009) was a British Labour Party politician. His father was Labour MP and Nobel Peace Prize-winner Philip Noel-Baker. He was educated at Lieutenant Colonel Sir William Ernest George Archibald Weigall, 1st Baronet KCMG (8 December 1874 – 3 June 1952) was a British Conservative politician who was Governor of South Australia from 9 June 1920 Patricia McLaughlin OBE (23 June 1916 &ndash; 7 January 1997), known as Patricia McLaughlin, was a unionist politician in Northern Ireland and one of the earliest female Members of Parliament from the Lieutenant-Colonel John Philip Nolan (1838 &ndash; 30 January 1912) was an Irish nationalist landowner and Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Sir Wyndham Knatchbull, 12th Baronet JP (9 August 1844 &ndash; 30 July 1917) was a British barrister and Conservative Party politician. Knatchbull was the second son of Sir Norton Knatchbull, 10th Baronet Sir Thomas Byam Martin, GCB (25 July 1773 &ndash; 25 October 1854) was a highly influential British Royal Navy officer who served at sea during the French Revolutionary and Napoleonic Wars and then as Jonathan Simon Djanogly (born 3 June 1965) is a British politician, solicitor and Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Huntingdon. Djanogly has been Trade and Industry Spokesman shadowing the Department James Evan Baillie (1781 - 14 June 1863) was a British West Indies merchant, landowner and Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1813 and 1835. Baillie was the third son Josiah Wedgwood II (3 April 1769 &ndash; 12 July 1843), the son of the English potter Josiah Wedgwood, continued his father's firm and was Member of Parliament for Stoke-upon-Trent from 1832 to 1835. Lord Ernest William Hamilton (5 September 1858 &ndash; 14 December 1939) was a United Kingdom soldier and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1892. Hamilton was the seventh Thomas Edward Wing (12 August 1853 &ndash; 12 May 1935) was a Liberal Party politician in the United Kingdom. He was elected at the January 1910 general election as Member of Parliament (MP) for Grimsby, Sir George Hopwood Hume (24 May 1866 &ndash; 13 September 1946) was a British Conservative politician and leader of the London County Council. He was born in the Ukrainian city of Poltava, then in the George Brown Hillman (1867 - 19 March 1932) was briefly the Conservative MP for Wakefield. Hillman was born in Halifax in 1867. He was elected MP for Wakefield in 1931, defeating the incumbent Labour William O'Brien (2 October 1852 – 25 February 1928) was an Irish nationalist, journalist, agrarian agitator, social revolutionary, politician, party leader, newspaper publisher, author and Member of Parliament Sir Banastre Tarleton, 1st Baronet, GCB (21 August 1754 &ndash; 16 January 1833) was a British soldier and politician. He is today probably best remembered for his military service during the American Sir Robert Newbald Kay (6 August 1869&ndash;9 October 1936) was an English solicitor and politician, based in York. He was also Liberal Member of Parliament for Elland from 1923 to 1924, and Lord Mayor Sir Peter Michael Kirk, (18 May 1928 &ndash; 17 April 1977) was a British Conservative politician and a junior minister in the governments of Alec Douglas-Home and Edward Heath. The elder son of Kenneth Emlyn Hugh Garner Evans (3 September 1910 &ndash; 11 October 1963) was a British barrister, Royal Air Force officer, and politician. Early in his career he adhered to the Liberal Party and was once arrested Edward Aldam Leatham (2 August 1828 - 6 February 1900) was an English Liberal politician. Leatham was the son of William Leatham of Heath near Wakefield, and his wife Margaret Walker. The family was part Robert Hunter Craig (1839 – 12 August 1913) was a Liberal Party politician in Scotland. He was elected to the House of Commons as Member of Parliament (MP) for Glasgow Govan at the 1900 general election, John Hodgetts Hodgetts-Foley (17 July 1797 – 13 November 1861) of Prestwood House in Staffordshire represented the borough constituency of Droitwich in Parliament from 1822 to 1835 as a Whig and East Robert Parry Nisbet JP DL (1793 &ndash; 31 May 1882) was a British public man. He was High Sheriff of Wiltshire in 1849, from 1852 a Deputy Lieutenant for the county, and Conservative Member of Parliament Benjamin Armitage (1823 – 4 December 1899) was a British industrialist and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 to 1886. Armitage was the second son of Sir Elkanah Armitage, textile Roger Kenneth Evans (born 18 March 1947) is a British Conservative politician. Evans was elected Member of Parliament for Monmouth in 1992, winning the seat back from Labour's Huw Edwards who had defeated Sir Cresswell Cresswell PC KC (20 August 1794 – 29 July 1863), born Cresswell Easterby, was an English lawyer, judge and Tory politician. As a judge in the newly-created divorce court, Cresswell did much John Nicholl (21 August 1797 - 27 January 1853) was a Welsh Member of Parliament and was, for a very short time in 1835, a Lord Commissioner of the Treasury. His father was Sir John Nicholl, who like James Andrew Seddon (7 May 1868 – 31 May 1939) was a British trades unionist and politician. Originally a member of the Labour Party, he subsequently moved to the National Democratic and Labour Party. Sir Home Riggs Popham KCB (12 October 1762 – 2 September 1820) was a British admiral who saw service during the French Revolutionary Wars and the Napoleonic Wars. He is remembered for his scientific accomplishments, Colonel Lewis Vivian Loyd (14 November 1852 &ndash; 21 September 1908) was a British Conservative Party politician. He was elected at the 1892 general election as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Chatham David Watts Morgan CBE DSO JP (18 December 1867 – 23 February 1933) (later in his life his name was hyphenated to Watts-Morgan) was a Welsh trade unionist and Labour politician, and a Member of Parliament Charles Peter Allen MP (2 December 1861 – 18 September 1930) was an English Liberal politician who represented Stroud from 1900-1914. His professional career was as a solicitor and newspaper journalist. Laurence Anthony Robertson is a British Conservative Party politician. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Tewkesbury in Gloucestershire since 1997. In May 2005, he was appointed Shadow Minister Henry Cecil Raikes PC (18 November 1838 &ndash; 24 August 1891) was a British Conservative Party politician. He was Chairman of Ways and Means between 1874 and 1880 and served as Postmaster General between Christopher Paget Mayhew, Baron Mayhew (12 June 1915 &ndash; 7 January 1997) was a British politician who was a Labour Member of Parliament (MP) from 1945 to 1950 and from 1951 to 1974, when he left the Lieutenant-Colonel Ernest Fitzroy Morrison-Bell, OBE (1870 &ndash; 1960) was a British soldier and parliamentarian. Educated at Eton, he joined the 9th Lancers in 1891 and served in the Boer War. He was (William Robert) Stanley Prescott (25 April 1912 &ndash; 6 June 1962) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom. He was educated at St John's College, Cambridge. He was elected as Member Descended from a well known family of cotton spinners from Bolton, Lancashire, Franklin Thomasson was born on 16 August 1873 at Alderley Edge, Cheshire, the 3rd child of John Pennington Thomasson, who Sir Benjamin Heywood, 1st Baronet FRS (12 December 1793 &ndash; 11 August 1865) was an English banker and philanthropist. Born in St Ann's Square, Manchester, grandson of Thomas Percival, son of Nathaniel Jeremiah Daniel Sheehan (1847 &ndash; 1929) was an Irish nationalist politician. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for East Kerry from 1885 to 1895, taking his seat in the Parliament of the United Kingdom Philip Warren Hawksley (born 10 March 1943), known as Warren Hawksley, is a British Conservative politician. He was educated at Denstone College. He contested Wolverhampton North East in February and William Cripps (died 1848) was a British Conservative MP. He sat for the constituency of Cirencester from 1841 until his death in 1848. From 1845 until 1846 he held minor office in Sir Robert Peel's government Sydney Charles Robert Lavers (4 June 1890 – 9 April 1972) was a Labour Party politician in England. He was elected at the 1945 general election as Member of Parliament (MP) for Barnard Castle in County Sir Duncan McCallum (24 November 1888 &ndash; 10 May 1958) was a Scottish Conservative politician. He was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for Argyllshire) at a 1940 by-election. McCallum remained as Commander Rupert Arnold Brabner DSO, DSC, (1911-1945) was a British Member of Parliament (MP) who served with the Royal Navy as a pilot in World War II and became an ace with 5.5 confirmed kills. Matthew Hancock (born 2 October 1978) is a British Conservative Party politician who was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for West Suffolk at the general election in May 2010. Sir Charles Gregan Craufurd GCB (1761–1821) was a Scottish soldier. Craufurd was the second son of Sir Alexander Crauford, 1st Baronet, and the elder brother of Robert Craufurd. He entered the 1st Dragoon Alfred Arthur Hinchcliffe Denville (27 January 1876-23 March 1955) was an English actor, theatre impresario and Conservative Party politician. Denville, an actor by trade, ran one of the UK's leading James Sidebottom (June 1824 - 14 February 1871) was a British businessman and Conservative politician. He was the youngest son of Edward Sidebottom, and was born at ""The Hydes"", Stalybridge, Cheshire. Sir Walter Menzies ""Ming"" Campbell CBE QC (born 22 May 1941) is a British politician, advocate, Chancellor of the University of St Andrews, and retired sprinter. He is Member of Parliament (MP) for North Niall MacDermot (10 September 1916 &ndash; 22 February 1996) was a British Labour Party politician. He was first elected to the House of Commons as Member of Parliament (MP) for Lewisham North, at a by-election Randle Joseph Feilden (1824 – 19 May 1895) was a businessman and Conservative politician who represented several Lancashire constituencies. Feilden was born at Clifton, Bristol, the second son of Joseph Ernest Gardner (1846 &ndash; 7 August 1925) was a British politician. He was a Conservative Party Member of Parliament (MP) from 1901 to 1922. Garnder was first elected to Parliament on 12 July 1901 in Algernon Fulke Egerton (31 December 1825-14 July 1891), known as Algernon Leveson-Gower until 1833, was a British Conservative politician. Egerton was the third son of Francis Egerton, 1st Earl of Ellesmere, Anthony Rowland Favell, also known as Tony Favell (born 29 May 1939) was the Conservative Member of Parliament for Stockport from 1983 until 1992, when he was defeated by Ann Coffey of Labour. In 1990, Austin Hopkinson JP (24 June 1879 &ndash; 2 September 1962) was a British industrialist and Member of Parliament (MP) for constituencies in present-day Greater Manchester who was notable for rejecting Group Captain Richard Charles Marler Collard, DSO, DFC (25 August 1911 &ndash; 9 August 1962) was a British Royal Air Force officer and politician. His sudden death at the age of 50 occurred less than Hugo Hawksley Fitzthomas Summerson (born 21 July 1950) is a British Conservative politician. At the 1987 general election, Summerson was elected Member of Parliament for Walthamstow, gaining 39% of the Robert Dalglish (4 January 1808 – 6 June 1880) was a Scottish Radical politician. He was the Member of Parliament MP for Glasgow from 1857 to 1874. Dalglish was born in Glasgow, the son of Robert Dalglish William Henry Ford Cogan (1823 &ndash; 28 September 1894) was an Irish Whig politician. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Kildare from 1852 to 1880, representing the county in the United Kingdom House David Charles Jamieson (born 18 May 1947) is a British politician, formerly the Labour Party Member of Parliament (MP) for the Plymouth Devonport constituency. He stood for Plymouth Drake in 1987, gaining Yvette Cooper (born 20 March 1969) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Normanton, Pontefract and Castleford since 2010, having previously been MP for Pontefract Charles Pearson (4 October 1793 – 14 September 1862) was Solicitor to the City of London, a reforming campaigner, and &ndash; briefly &ndash; Member of Parliament for Lambeth. He campaigned against corruption Walter Harrison (born 2 January 1921) is a British Labour politician. Harrison was educated at Dewsbury Technical College and School of Art. He was a foreman electrician and was active in the Electricians' Sir Edward Stopford GCB (28 September 1766-14 September 1837), was an Anglo-Irish soldier and politician. Stopford was the second son of James Stopford, 2nd Earl of Courtown, and his wife Mary (née Powys). John Baker White (12 August 1902 &ndash; 10 December 1988) started his career as a political activist becoming a director of a private organisation dedicated to fighting left-wing subversion. He became Lady (Ann) Muriel Gammans (6 March 1898 - 28 December 1989) was a British Conservative politician. She was elected Member of Parliament for Hornsey at a 1957 by-election following the death of her husband Philip Metcalfe (29 August 1733 &ndash; 10 August 1818) was a distiller in London, UK and member of Parliament from Horsham from 1784. He represented Plympton Erle, Devon from 1790 to 1796 and Malmesbury Major Sir Herbert Henry Raphael, 1st Baronet (23 December 1859-24 September 1924) was Member of Parliament for Derbyshire (South) from 1906 to 1918. He was a barrister, a politician, an art collector Sir Kenneth Gilmour Younger KBE (15 December 1908 &ndash; 19 May 1976) was a British Labour politician and barrister who served in junior government posts during the Attlee government and was an opposition Albert Bellamy (1870 &ndash; 26 March 1931) was a British trades unionist and Labour Party politician. Bellamy was born in Wigan, Lancashire and took up employment as an engine-driver for the London and George Harwood (14 September 1845 – 7 November 1912) was a British businessman and Liberal Party politician. He was born the second son of Richard Harwood who founded a firm of cotton spinners and who Denis O'Conor (1794 &ndash; 1847) of Clonalis, County Roscommon, was an Irish nobleman, the O'Conor Don and Member of Parliament (MP) in the British House of Commons. He married, in 1824, Mary Anne, daughter Douglas Vickers (1861 &ndash; 1937) was an English industrialist and politician. He was the son of Colonel Thomas Edward Vickers (1833–1915), owner and Director of the famous Sheffield firm Vickers, Sons Henry Warburton (12 November 1784 &ndash; 16 September 1858) was an English merchant and politician, and also an enthusiastic amateur scientist. Elected as Member of Parliament for Bridport, Dorset, in Sir Brian Caldwell Cook Batsford (18 December 1910 &ndash; 5 March 1991) was a British painter, designer, publisher and Conservative Party politician. Born in Gerrards Cross, Buckinghamshire, he was originally Arabella Susan Lawrence (12 August 1871 &ndash; 25 October 1947) was a British Labour Party politician, one of the first female Labour MPs. Lawrence was the youngest daughter of Nathaniel Lawrence, a James Francis Dunnachie, known as Jimmy Dunnachie, JP (November 17, 1930 &ndash; September 7, 1997) was a British politician from Scotland. He served as a Labour Party Member of Parliament from 1987 until Sir (Alexander) Weston Jarvis CMG MVO TD (26 December 1855 – 31 October 1939) was a British Conservative Party politician and officer in the British Army. He served in the Matabele Rebellion, Boer War Andrew David Lansley, CBE, (born 11 December 1956) is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom and Secretary of State for Health. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for South Cambridgeshire Peter Benjamin Mandelson, Baron Mandelson, PC (born 21 October 1953) is a British Labour Party politician who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Hartlepool from 1992 to 2004, served in a number of Arthur Strauss (28 April 1847 – 30 November 1920) was a British Liberal Unionist, and later Conservative Member of Parliament who later joined the Labour Party. He was first elected to the House of Commons Robert Hamilton Bernays (6 May 1902 &ndash; 23 January 1945) was a Liberal Party, and later Liberal National, politician in the United Kingdom who seved as a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1931 to 1945. Arthur George Bottomley, Baron Bottomley, OBE, PC (7 February 1907 &ndash; 3 November 1995) was a British Labour politician, Member of Parliament and minister. Before entering parliament he was a trade William Roupell (7 April 1831 - 25 March 1909) was Liberal Party Member of Parliament of the United Kingdom for Lambeth from 1857 until his resignation on 4 February 1862. A forger and a fraudster, he Robert Waithman (1764 &ndash; 6 February 1833), Lord Mayor of London, was born at Wrexham. After being employed for some time in a London linen draper's, he opened, about 1786, a draper's shop of his Edward Albert Lessing (28 July 1890 &ndash; 25 August 1964) was a Liberal Party politician in the United Kingdom. Born in Mayfair, London, at the 1922 general election he stood as the Liberal candidate Walter Ernest Padley (24 July 1916 - 15 April 1984) was a British Labour politician. Padley was educated at Chipping Norton Grammar School and Ruskin College, Oxford with a TUC scholarship. He was president Sir James Edward Parrott, MP, (1 June 1863 - 5 April 1921) was a British teacher and author, who served as the Liberal Member of Parliament from Edinburgh South for 1917-1918. He was born in Marple, Cheshire, Henry Bret Ince QC (1830 – 7 May 1889) was a British businessman, writer, and politician. Ince was the eldest son of Edward Bret Ince, publisher of the Law Journal. He was trained to the law, and became Alasdair Morgan (born 21 April 1945) is a Scottish politician. He has been a Scottish National Party Member of the Scottish Parliament for the South of Scotland region since 2003. He first joined the Sir David Lincoln Lightbown (30 November 1932 &ndash; 12 December 1995) was the Conservative Member of Parliament for South East Staffordshire from 1983 until he died in office in 1995 (he suffered a Philip Edward Morrell, (4 June 1870 &ndash; 5 February 1943) was a British statesman and Liberal politician. He was the son of Frederic Morrell, solicitor, of Black Hall, Oxford, by his wife Harriette Sir Julian Errington Ridsdale, CBE (8 June 1915 &ndash; 21 July 2004) was a British National Liberal and later Conservative Party politician and long-serving Member of Parliament for the constituency Sharon Hodgson (born 1 April 1966) is a British Labour Party politician, who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Washington and Sunderland West since 2010. She was previously the MP for Gateshead Sir Reginald Blair, 1st Baronet (8 November 1881 &ndash; 18 September 1962) was a British politician. He served as a Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) from 1912 to 1922, and from 1935 to 1945. Sir Harold Sutcliffe (11 December 1897 - 20 January 1958) was a British Conservative Party politician and businessman. Born in Yorkshire, he was educated at Harrow and then Oriel College, Oxford. During Margaret Mary Beckett (née Jackson; born 15 January 1943) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Derby South since 1983, rising to become the Deputy Leader Sir Charles Graham Irving (6 May 1924 - 30 March 1995) was a British Conservative Member of Parliament for Cheltenham. Irving's political career started in 1947 when he was elected to Cheltenham Borough James O'Mara (possibly spelt O'Meara) (6 August 1873 &ndash; 21 November 1948) was an Irish bacon merchant and politician who became a nationalist leader and key member of the revolutionary First Dáil. The Hon. Sir Horace Curzon Plunkett PC, KCVO, FRS, DL, JP (24 October 1854 – 26 March 1932), was an Anglo-Irish unionist, an agricultural reformer, dedicated ideaölist and pioneer of agricultural co-operation, Sir Francis Watson (7 January 1864 – 27 August 1947) was a British Conservative Party politician. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for the Pudsey and Otley division of the West Riding of Yorkshire from Graham Eric Stringer (born 17 February 1950) is a British Labour Party politician who is the current Member of Parliament (MP) for Blackley and Broughton having previously represented Manchester Blackley Elizabeth Margaret Braddock JP (Liverpool, 24 September 1899 &ndash; 13 November 1970), better known as Bessie Braddock, was a British Labour politician. Known as an ardent socialist and fiery campaigner, Andrew MacLaren (28 May 1883-1975) was an Independent Labour Party politician. His passions were economic justice and art; he persistently campaigned for Land Value Taxation, and he was a painter. He Sir James Nicolas Sutherland Matheson, 1st Baronet (17 October 1796 &ndash; 31 December 1878), born in Shiness, Lairg, Sutherland, Scotland, was the son of a Scottish trader in India. He attended Edinburgh's Donald Richard Coleman, CBE, JP, DL (19 September 1925 – 14 January 1991) was the Labour Member of Parliament (MP) in the United Kingdom for Neath from 1964 until his death in 1991. He was educated at Donal Sullivan (1838 &ndash; 3 March 1907), was an Irish nationalist politician and Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland from 1885-1907. William Ambrose (1832 – 18 January 1908) was an English judge and Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1885 to 1899. Ambrose was born at Chester, the son of Richard and Mary Alexander Wilkinson Frederick Haycock (28 December 1882 &ndash; 15 December 1970) was a Canadian-born British Labour politician. Born in Ontario, he was the son of J C Haycock, a leading member of the Sir Joseph Dodge Weston (1822 - 5 Mar 1895) was an English merchant and shipping magnate and Liberal politician. Weston was born in Kingsdown, Bristol, the son of Thomas Weston and his wife Mary Tuck. Urban Hanlon Broughton (12 April 1857 &ndash; 30 January 1929) was an English civil engineer, railroad and mining executive, and Conservative Party Member of Parliament. In 1929, he was in line for elevation Sir Harold William Stannus Gray, KBE (16 August 1867 &ndash; 23 May 1951) was an Anglo-Irish landowner, horse breeder and politician. He served a brief period as a Member of Parliament during which he Sir Ian William Wrigglesworth (born 8 December 1939) is a former politician in the United Kingdom. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Thornaby from 1974 to 1983, and then for Stockton South from 1983 Sir Edward Stock Hill, KCB, (1834 – 18 Dec 1902) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom who served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Bristol South from 1886 to 1900. He unsuccessfully Sir John Phillips Rhodes, 2nd Baronet, DSO (19 July 1884 &ndash; 14 November 1955) was the son of Sir George Rhodes, a Justice of the Peace for Cheshire. He was Chairman of Thomas Rhodes, cotton spinners Sir Edward James Reed (20 September 1830 &ndash; 30 November 1906), KCB, FRS, was a British naval architect, author and politician. He was the Chief Constructor of the Royal Navy from 1863 until 1870. Lord William Russell (20 August 1767 &ndash; 5 May 1840), a member of the British aristocratic family of Russell and longtime Member of Parliament, did little to attract public attention after the end Frank Collindridge (1891 &ndash; 16 October 1951) was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom. Born in Barnsley, Collindridge was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Barnsley at a by-election Spencer Charrington (24 May 1818 – 11 December 1904) was an English brewer and Conservative politician. Charrington was the son of Nicholas Charrington and his wife Harriet Milward. His father was a brewer Rear-Admiral Edward Leveson-Gower (8 May 1776 – 6 December 1853) was a British naval officer. The son of Admiral Hon. John Leveson-Gower and Frances Boscawen, he commanded the sloop Petrel and took command Hamar Alfred Bass (30 July 1842 – 8 April 1898) was a British brewer, race horse breeder and a Liberal Party politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1878 to 1898. File:Hamar Alfred Bass lithograph02. Chandos Wren-Hoskyns BA, JP, DL (15 February 1812 – 28 November 1876) was an English landowner, agriculturist and author. He was born the second son of Sir Hungerford Hoskyns, 7th Baronet of Harewood John Dermot Campbell (20 January 1898 – 23 January 1945) was a Northern Irish businessman and Ulster Unionist Member of Parliament in both United Kingdom and Northern Ireland Parliaments. He was killed George Boyle Hanna (17 December 1877-30 October 1938) was a Northern Irish barrister, unionist politician and county court judge. Born in Ballymena, County Antrim and educated at Gracehill Academy, Ballymena Parmjit Singh Gill (born 20 December 1966 in Leicester) is a British Liberal Democrat politician. As Member of Parliament for Leicester South from 2004 to 2005, he was the first and, to date, the only Sir Terence James O'Connor (13 September 1891 &ndash; 7 May 1940) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom He was elected to the House of Commons at the 1924 general election, as Member Lord Cecil Reginald John Manners DL (4 February 1868 – 8 September 1945), was a British Conservative politician. Manners was the second son of John Manners, 7th Duke of Rutland, by his second marriage Cecil Charles Poole (1902 &ndash; 2 February 1956) was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom, and a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1938 to 1955. He was first elected at a by-election in 1938 Neville Devonshire Sandelson (27 November 1923 &ndash; 12 January 2002) was a British politician. Sandelson was educated at Westminster School and Trinity College, Cambridge. He was a barrister, called Sir Henry Knight Storks GCMG GCB (1811 – September 6, 1874) was a British soldier and colonial governor. Educated at Charterhouse School, he entered the Army on January 10, 1828 as an ensign of the 61st Robert Otway-Cave (1796 – 29 November 1844), styled The Honourable from 1839, was a British politician. Born Robert Otway, he was the only surviving son of Henry Otway and his wife, the 3rd Baroness Braye. George John Sandys (23 September 1875 - 3 September 1937) was a British diplomat and Conservative politician. Sandys was educated at Clifton College and Pembroke College, Oxford. He served in the South John Mackinnon Robertson (14 November 1856 – 5 January 1933) was a prolific journalist, advocate of rationalism and secularism, and Liberal Member of Parliament in the United Kingdom for Tyneside from Éamon de Valera (born George De Valero; 14 October 1882 &ndash; 29 August 1975) was one of the dominant political figures in 20th century Ireland. His political career spanned over half a century, from John Morgan Howard (abt 1832 &ndash; 10 April 1891) was a British judge and Conservative Party politician. He was called to the bar in 1858, became a QC in 1874, and in 1875 was appointed Recorder of John Penn (30 March 1848 – 21 November 1903) was a British Conservative Party politician who served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Lewisham from 1891 to 1903. John Penn was the son of the marine engineer Philip Kirkland Glazebrook, DSO (24 December 1880 - 7 March 1918) was a British businessman and Conservative politician. He was the son of John K. and Cecilia Glazebrook of Twemlow Hall, Holmes Chapel, Louis John Jennings (12 May 1836 - 9 February 1893) was an English journalist and Conservative politician. Jennings was born in Walworth, London, the son of John Jennings and his wife Sarah Michel. He Samuel Forde Ridley (1864-1944) was a British Conservative Party politician. He was MP for Bethnal Green South West from 1900 to 1906, and for Rochester from January to December 1910. Alexander Dryburgh Provand (1839 &ndash; 18 July 1915) was a Scottish Liberal Party politician who served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Glasgow Blackfriars and Hutchesontown from 1886 to 1900. Alexander Henry Ross (1829 - 3 December 1888) was a British barrister and Conservative politician. Ross was born in Marylebone, the son of Charles Ross and Lady Mary Cornwallis daughter of Sir Charles Colonel Francis Marcus Beresford (August 1818 – 1 August 1890) was a British Conservative Party politician He was born at Aylestone, Leicestershire, and was Member of Parliament (MP) for Southwark from Robert Grant Grant-Ferris, Baron Harvington (30 December 1907 – 1 January 1997) was a British Conservative Party politician. He was educated at Douai School and served in the RAF during the War. He was William Rickford (30 November 1768 - 14 January 1854) was an English banker and Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1818 to 1841. Rickford was the son of William Rickford who established The Hon. Henry Grey Bennet (2 December 1777 – 29 May 1836), politician, was the second of three sons and fourth of eight children of Charles Bennet, fourth earl of Tankerville (1743–1822), and his wife, James Francis Hogan MP (29 December 1855 &ndash; 9 November 1924) was an Irish history professor at University College Cork, author and Member of Parliament for Mid Tipperary between 1893–1900. James Hans Hamilton (February 1810 &ndash; 30 June 1863), was an Anglo-Irish Member of Parliament. Hamilton was the son of Hans Hamilton. He was elected to the House of Commons for County Dublin in 1841, Lieutenant-Colonel Charles Kenneth Howard-Bury (1881 &ndash; 1963) was an Irish British Army officer, explorer, botanist and politician. Born at Charleville Castle, King's County, Ireland, on 15 August Count Arthur John Moore (1849 – 5 January 1904) was a wealthy Irish Catholic and nationalist politician. Born in Liverpool, Moore was the son of Charles Moore who had served as Member of Parliament (MP) Charles Isaac Elton, QC (6 December 1839 &ndash; 23 April 1900) was an English lawyer, antiquary, and politician. He was born in Southampton. Educated at Cheltenham and Balliol College, Oxford, he was Sir Edward Alexander Henry Legge-Bourke KBE (16 May 1914 &ndash; 21 May 1973) was a British politician. Educated at Eton College and Royal Military Academy Sandhurst, Legge-Bourke was commissioned into Edward Thomas Foley (21 December 1791 – 30 March 1846), of Stoke Edith, Herefordshire, was an English Tory (and later Conservative politician. Foley was one of the Members of Parliament for Ludgershall Sir Edward William Salt (18 May 1881 &ndash; 8 September 1970) was a Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for the Birmingham Yardley constituency from 1931 to 1945. He was the son of Ashton Trow Salt, William Rawson Shaw (1 May 1860 &ndash; 14 April 1932) was an English Liberal politician who represented Halifax. Shaw was the son of Thomas Shaw and his wife Elizabeth Rawson. His father was chairman John Creemer Clarke (1821 &ndash; 11 February 1895) was an English merchant and manufacturer and a Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1874 to 1885. Clarke was the son of Robert Clarke William Edwin Wheeldon (20 February 1898 &ndash; 7 October 1960) was a British cooperator and municipal politician from Birmingham who later became a Member of Parliament. Wheeldon was born in Crewe. Charles Harvey Dixon (1862 – 22 September 1923), was a British Conservative Party politician. Born at Watlington, Oxfordshire, he was the son of Dr Henry Dixon, coroner for South Oxfordshire. Dixon transferred John Green (died 16 June 1883), was an Irish politician in the United Kingdom House of Commons. He was elected to the United Kingdom House of Commons as Member of Parliament for County Kilkenny in 1847, Joseph Allen Baker (10 April 1852 – 3 July 1918) was a Canadian born engineer, specialising in machinery for the confectionery and bakery industries and later in transportation systems, who was also a John Kenneth Foster (29 May 1866 &ndash; 2 March 1930) was a British Conservative Party politician. He was MP for Coventry in 1910. Like a few Conservatives, he took the seat in the first general election Basil Reginald Vincent Ziani de Ferranti (2 July 1930 &ndash; 24 September 1988) was a British businessman and a Conservative Party politician. He was educated at Eton and Trinity College, Cambridge, John Round (8 March 1783 &ndash; 28 April 1860) was an English Conservative Party politician. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Ipswich from 1812 to 1818, and for Maldon from 1837 to 1847. His grandson Christopher ""Chris"" Heaton-Harris,, is a British Conservative Party politician. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Daventry since May 2010, and was previously a Member of the European Parliament Edward Samuel Norris (17 October 1832 - 22 February 1908) was an English manufacturer and Conservative Party politician. Norris was the son of Samuel Edward Norris of Upper Clapton, Middlesex. He was David Frank Bellotti (born 13 August 1943) is a Liberal Democrat politician in the United Kingdom who was Member of Parliament (MP) for the Eastbourne constituency from 1990 to 1992. Bellotti first contested George Faithful was an English Whig politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1832 to 1835. Faithful was a non-conformist preacher and a lawyer in the firm of G &amp; H Faithful of No 15 Ship Street, James Gerald Douglas Howarth known as Gerald Howarth (born 12 September 1947) is a British Conservative Party politician. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Aldershot since 1997, having been Rosalie Winterton (born 10 August 1958) is a British Labour Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Doncaster Central since 1997. Formerly a minister within both the Blair and Iain Somerled MacDonald MacCormick (born 28 September 1939) is a Scottish National Party (SNP) politician. Educated at the High School of Glasgow and Glasgow University, MacCormick belongs to a family Musgrave Brisco (1791 – 9 May 1854) was a British Conservative Party politician. He was elected as a Member of Parliament (MP) for Hastings at a by-election in 1844, and held the seat until he resigned Gillian Joanna Merron (born 12 April 1959) is a British Labour Party politician, who was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Lincoln from 1997 to 2010. From 2009 to 2010 she was Minister of State with responsibility George Ponsonby PC (5 March 1755 &ndash; 8 July 1817), Lord Chancellor of Ireland, was the second surviving son of Hon. John Ponsonby (1713–1789), speaker of the Irish House of Commons (1756–71), and Dorothy Jewson (17 August 1884 &ndash; 29 February 1964) was a British teacher, trade union organiser, Labour Party politician, and one of her party's first female Members of Parliament. The daughter Sir Kenneth Robinson PC (19 March 1911&ndash;16 February 1996) was a British Labour politician who served as Minister of Health in Harold Wilson's first government, from 1964 to 1968, when the position Michael Bruce 'Mike' Crockart (born 1 January 1966) is a Liberal Democrat politician, and the Member of Parliament for Edinburgh West. He was first elected on 7 May 2010 at the 2010 General Election. Admiral Sir Robert Moorsom KCB (8 June 1760 – 14 April 1835) was an officer of the Royal Navy who served during the American War of Independence, the French Revolutionary War and the Napoleonic Wars. Sir Patrick William Donner (4 December 1904 &ndash; 19 August 1988) was a British Member of Parliament (MP) and a member of the influential Finland-Swedish Donner family. His family moved from Helsinki, Joseph Kenneth ""Ken"" Hargreaves MBE (born 1 March 1939) was the Conservative Member of Parliament for the Hyndburn constituency in Lancashire from 1983 to 1992. A Chartered Secretary and company administrator Thomas Harbison (1864 - 22 November 1930) was an Irish nationalist politician. After growing up in Cookstown, Harbison studied at St Malachy's College in Belfast. He became active in the Irish Parliamentry Calum Alistair MacDonald or Calum Alasdair Domhnallach (born 7 May 1956, Stornoway) was Labour Member of Parliament (MP) for the Western Isles from 1987 until he was defeated by the Scottish National Michael Cliffe (March 1904 &ndash; 9 August 1964) was a British clothing industry worker and politician, who was a Member of Parliament in inner London for six years. He was a constituency-focused member Margo MacDonald MSP (born 19 April 1943) is a Scottish politician, a former MP for the Scottish National Party, and, is presently an Independent Member of the Scottish Parliament for the Lothians regi Charles Beattie (1899 &ndash; 10 March 1958) was a Northern Irish farmer and auctioneer. Active in the Ulster Farmers' Union and in Unionist associations, he achieved senior office in the Orange Order James Gilhooly (1847&ndash;1916) was an Irish nationalist politician and MP. in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland as member of the Irish Parliamentary Party, from William Edward Woolley (17 March 1901 &ndash; 11 May 1989) was a National Liberal Party politician in the United Kingdom. He was elected in 1940 as Member of Parliament (MP) for the Spen Valley constituency Sir Joseph Percival William Mallalieu (18 June 1908 &ndash; 13 March 1980) was a British Labour Party politician, journalist and author. Mallalieu was educated at the Dragon School in Oxford, Cheltenham Patrick Bartley (24 March 1909 &ndash; 25 June 1956) was a British coal miner, civil servant and politician. He served as Labour Party Member of Parliament for Chester-le-Street from 1950 until his early John Henry Hayes (born 23 June 1958) is a British Conservative Party politician. He is the Member of Parliament (MP) for South Holland and The Deepings, and a member of the socially conservative Cornerstone John Pitcairn Mackintosh (24 August 1929 – 30 July 1978) was a British Labour Party politician known for his defence of devolution and the concept of dual nationality; that Scots could be both Scottish David Wilshire (born 16 September 1943, Bristol) is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for Spelthorne in Surrey from 1987 to 2010. Wilshire was Colonel Harry Leslie Blundell McCalmont (1861 – 8 December 1902) was a British army officer, race-horse owner, yachtsman and Conservative party politician. He was the son of Hugh Barklie Blundell McCalmont, Richard Strong (1833 – 30 January 1915) was an English Liberal politician. Strong was born at St Giles, London, the son of a flour factor of Mark Lane, London. He became a J.P. for Surrey, and a governor Arthur Leslie Symonds, OBE (2 October 1910 &ndash; 25 February 1960) was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom. He grew up in Cambridge and was educated at the Perse School and Jesus College, Hon. Ronald Henry Fulke Greville (14 October 1864 – 5 April 1908) was an English Conservative Party politician. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Bradford East from 1896 to 1906. Benjamin Bridges Hunter Rodwell QC (17 January 1815 – 6 February 1892) was a British lawyer and Conservative politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1874 to 1881. Rodwell was the son of William Graeme Morrice is a British Labour Party politician, who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Livingston since 2010. He has a majority of 10,791 votes, replacing Labour's previous MP Jim Devine. Sir John Eldon Gorst PC, QC, FRS (24 May 1835 – 4 April 1916) was a British lawyer and politician. He served as Solicitor General for England and Wales from 1885 to 1886 and as Vice-President of the Committee Charles Ernest George Campbell Emmott was Unionist Member of Parliament (MP) for Glasgow Springburn between the 1931 and 1935 general elections, and then as a Conservative MP for East Surrey until the Anthony John Muirhead MC &amp; Bar TD (4 November 1890 &ndash; 29 October 1939) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom. He was elected at the 1929 general election as Member of Parliament Charles Hay Frewen was a British politician. He was elected as a Member of Parliament for East Sussex in 1846 and resigned through appointment as Steward of the Chiltern Hundreds on 17 February 1857. Sir Stephen Edward De Vere, 4th Baronet (26 July 1812 &ndash; 10 November 1904) was an Irish Member of Parliament in the nineteenth century, elder brother to the poet Aubrey Thomas de Vere. In 1847, he Sir John Coxe Hippisley, 1st Baronet (c. February 1746 – 3 May 1825) was a British diplomat and politician who pursued an ‘unflagging, though wholly unsuccessful, quest for office’ which led King George Ernest Marklew (16 April 1874 &ndash; 14 June 1939) was a British Labour Party politician. At the 1935 general election, Marklew was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Colne Valley in West Yorkshire, Arthur Brian Deane Faulkner, Baron Faulkner of Downpatrick, PC (18 February 1921 – 3 March 1977) was the sixth and last Prime Minister of Northern Ireland from March 1971 until his resignation in March Sir Edward Cecil George Cadogan, KBE, CB (15 November 1880 &ndash; 13 September 1962) was a British, Conservative politician. Cadogan was a younger son of the 5th Earl Cadogan and his wife, Beatrix, a Richard Hazleton (5 December 1880 &ndash; 26 January 1943) was an Irish nationalist politician of the Irish Parliamentary Party. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for North Galway from 1906 to 1918, taking Arthur Atherley (12 June 1772 – 1 October 1844) was an English Member of Parliament, serving the Southampton constituency three times, as Whig, Liberal and Reformer. Atherley was born in Southampton, Sir John Valentine Butterfill FRICS (born 14 February 1941, Surrey) is a British politician. He was the Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Bournemouth West from 1983 until he standing down at Charles Crompton Q.C. (4 February 1833 – 25 June 1890) was an English barrister and Liberal politician. Crompton was born at St Pancras, London, the son of Sir Charles Crompton, a Judge of the Queen's Alexander (Alex) Cunningham (born 1 May 1955) is a British Labour Party politician. He was elected at the 2010 general election as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Stockton North (UK Parliament const Sir Arthur Lawrence Hobhouse (February 15, 1886 &ndash; January 20, 1965) was a long-serving English local government Liberal politician, who is best remembered as the architect of the system of National Charles P. Stanton (7 April 1873 &ndash; 6 December 1946) was a British politician. He served as an Independent Labour Member of Parliament (MP) from 1915 to 1922. Stanton began his political career as Charles de Laet Waldo Sibthorp (February 14, 1783&ndash;December 14, 1855), popularly known as Colonel Sibthorp, was a widely caricatured British Tory politician in the early 19th century. He sat as a (Frances) Marjorie Graves (17 September 1884 - 17 November 1961) was a British civil servant, Conservative politician and writer. She was born in Allerton, Liverpool, and was the youngest daughter of Sir Philip Carter Goodhart (born 3 November 1925) is a British Conservative politician, the son of Arthur Lehman Goodhart. Goodhart contested Consett in 1950 whilst still a student at Trinity College, Philip (Phil) Shanahan was an Irish Sinn Féin politician, who was elected to the United Kingdom House of Commons in 1918 and served as a Teachta Dála in Dáil Éireann from 1919 to 1922. He lived in Dublin, William Ferrand (formally Busfeild; 26 April 1809 – 31 March 1889), also known as William Busfeild Ferrand, was a British Conservative politician. He served as Member of Parliament for Knaresborough and Dennis Andrew Canavan (born 8 August 1942) is a Scottish politician, and was an Independent Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for Falkirk West. He was born in Cowdenbeath. He was educated at St. Sir Alfred Hopkinson (28 June 1851 – 11 Nov 1939) was an English lawyer, academic and politician who served as a Member of Parliament (MP) for two three-year periods, separated by nearly thirty years. William John Duffy (7 April 1865 – 1 January 1945) was an Irish nationalist politician from County Galway. He was one of the few people to have served both in the United Kingdom House of Commons and in Francis Neilson (26 January 1867 &ndash; 13 April 1961), was an accomplished actor, playwright, stage director, political figure (former Member of the British House of Commons) avid lecturer, and author Malcolm Chisholm (born 7 March 1949) is a Scottish Labour Party politician, and a former Scottish Executive minister. Chisholm was educated at George Watson's College and the University of Edinburgh and Aubrey Nigel Henry Molyneux Herbert (1880 &ndash; 26 September 1923) was a British diplomat, traveller and intelligence officer associated with Albanian independence. Twice he was offered the throne of Gerald Edward Bermingham is a British politician, and was Labour Member of Parliament for St Helens South from 1983 until 2001. He was born 20 August 1940 in Dublin, Ireland, and educated at Cotton College, David John Delwyn Williams, known as Delwyn Williams, (born 1 November 1938) is a British Conservative Party politician and solicitor. He was eduated at Welshpool High School and the University College Claude Granville Lancaster (30 August 1899 &ndash; 25 July 1977) was a British army officer, company director and Conservative Party politician. Lancaster was educated at Eton College and the Royal Military Major Sir Richard Christopher Sharples KCMG OBE MC (August 6, 1916 – March 10, 1973), St. George, Bermuda) was a British politician and Governor of Bermuda from late 1972 to 10 March 1973 when he was John Hungerford Penruddocke (1770 – 1841) was a Tory politician in the United Kingdom. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Wilton in Wiltshire from 1823 until he stood down from the House of Commons Ferdinand Faithfull Begg (December 27, 1847 - December 4, 1926) was a Scottish Unionist Party politician. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Glasgow St Rollox from July 17, 1895, to October 4, 1900. Hilary Adair Marquand (24 December 1901 &ndash; 6 November 1972) was a British Labour Party politician. He was educated at Cardiff High School and at University College, Cardiff (State Scholar) where Miles MacInnes (21 February 1830 – 28 September 1909) was a British landowner, railway director and Liberal Party politician. MacInnes was the son of General John Maclnnes and his wife Ann Sophia Reynolds. Yehudi Menuhin, Baron Menuhin, OM, KBE (April 22, 1916 – March 12, 1999) was a Jewish American violinist and conductor who spent most of his performing career in the United Kingdom. He was born to Jewish Charles Langdale (formally Stourton; 19 September 1787 – 1 December 1868) was a British politician, Roman Catholic layman, and biographer. He served as Whig Member of Parliament, wrote the memoirs of Arthur James Balfour, 1st Earl of Balfour, KG, OM, PC, DL (25 July 1848 &ndash; 19 March 1930) was a British Conservative politician and statesman. He served as the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David John Barrington Burrowes (born 12 June 1969) is a British politician. He is the Conservative Member of Parliament for Enfield Southgate and Parliamentary chairman of the Conservative Christian F Eleanor Florence Rathbone (12 May 1872 – 2 January 1946) was an independent British Member of Parliament (MP) and long-term campaigner for women's rights. She was a member of the noted Rathbone family Heather Kay Wheeler (born 14 May 1959) is a British Conservative Party politician, who was elected at the 2010 general election as the Member of Parliament (MP) for South Derbyshire, taking the seat from St George Daly (1758 &ndash; December 1829) was an Irish lawyer. He was a son of James Daly MP, of Carrownakelly and Dunsandle, by his second wife Catherine, daughter of Sir Ralph Gore, 4th Baronet. He Reginald McKenna (6 July 1863 &ndash; 6 September 1943) was a British banker and Liberal politician. He notably served as Home Secretary and Chancellor of the Exchequer during the premiership of H. H. Caroline Fiona Ellen Nokes (born 26 June 1972) is a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom. She is the Member of Parliament (MP) for Romsey and Southampton North in Hampshire. Richard Charles Scrimgeour Shepherd is a Conservative politician in the United Kingdom. He is currently a Member of Parliament, having represented the constituency of Aldridge-Brownhills since 1979. A Major Christopher York (27 July 1909 &ndash; 13 March 1999) was a British Conservative politician. York was the eldest son of Captain Edward York and his wife, Violet Helen née Milner, daughter of Sir William Tynan, known as Bill Tynan, (born 18 August 1940) is a politician in the United Kingdom. He was Labour Party member of Parliament (MP) for Hamilton South from 1999 to 2005, when he won the Hamilton Arthur Thomas Loyd (19 April 1882 &ndash; 8 November 1944) was a Conservative Party politician in England. Born in Northampton, Loyd belonged to a Welsh family, several members of which settled in Berkshire. Thomas Michael ""Tom"" Kettle (9 February 1880 – 9 September 1916) was an Irish journalist, barrister, writer, poet, soldier, economist and Home Rule politician. As a member of the Irish Parliamentary Party, John Robert Beggs, commonly known as Roy Beggs, (born 20 February 1936) is a Northern Ireland politician. Beggs was educated at Ballyclare High School, followed by Stranmillis College, to study teacher Eric Stuart Joyce (born 13 October 1960) is a British Labour Party politician, who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Falkirk since 2005. Joyce served as a Private in the Black Watch before attending Lewis Fry DL, (16 April 1832– 10 September 1921) was a Quaker, lawyer, philanthropist and a Liberal and later Liberal and Unionist politician who sat in the House of Commons in three spells between 1878 Melvyn John 'Mel' Stride is a British Conservative Party politician. He was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Central Devon at the 2010 general election. ` Stride was selected as prospective Conservative John Slagg (junior) (1841 - 7 May 1889) was a British businessman and Liberal politician. He was the eldest son of John Slagg, a justice of the peace at Manchester, and his wife Jane née Crighton. John Anna Mary Soubry is a British Conservative Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Broxtowe since the 2010 general election. She is a single mother of two children. Sydney Norman John Rapson, known as Syd Rapson, a politician in the United Kingdom, was born on 17 April 1942 in the Isle of Wight and moved to the Paulsgrove area of Portsmouth as a young child. After David Graham Pole (11 December 1877 &ndash; 26 November 1952) was a British Labour Party politician who served as Member of Parliament (MP) for South Derbyshire from 1929 to 1931. His parents were John Arthur Acland Allen (11 August 1868 – 20 May 1939) was a British Liberal Party politician who served as a Member of Parliament (MP) between 1906 and 1918. Allen was first elected to the House of Commons Elizabeth Peacock (born 4 September 1937) is a British Conservative politician and former Member of Parliament for the West Yorkshire constituency of Batley and Spen. Born as Elizabeth Joan Gates, Peacock John Arthur Wynne (1801 - 1865) was a British politician. He was elected as a Conservative Member of Parliament for Sligo in 1857, resigning in 1860 by becoming Steward of the Manor of Northstead. Parliament Arthur John Williams (14 April 1834 – 1911) was a Welsh lawyer, author and Member of Parliament for South Glamorganshire 1885-1895. Williams was born in 1834 to Dr John Morgan Williams. Arthur John Williams Joseph P. McGuinness (10 April 1875 &ndash; 31 May 1922) was an Irish Sinn Féin politician who was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for South Longford at by-election in 1917. He was re-elected as Sir Reginald Henry Craddock, GCIE, KCSI (11 March 1864 &ndash; 10 February 1937) was a British government and colonial official who served as the governor of Burma and chairman of the Indian constitutional Benjamin ""Ben"" Charles George Whitaker (b.15 September 1934) is a retired British Labour Party politician. He was elected at the 1966 general election as Member of Parliament (MP) for the normally Conservative Alistair Huistean Macdonald (18 May 1925 &ndash; 6 February 1999) was a British Labour Party politician. Macdonald was educated at Dulwich College, Enfield Technical College and Corpus Christi College, John Charles Herries PC (November 1778 – 24 April 1855), known as J. C. Herries, was a British politician and financier and a frequent member of Tory and Conservative cabinets in the early to mid 19th Joseph O'Doherty (1891 &ndash; 10 August 1979) was an Irish politician. Born in Derry, he was a teacher and a barrister and a member of the Irish Volunteers Executive from 1917–21. He was elected as a Catherine McKinnell is a British Labour Party politician and the Member of Parliament (MP) for Newcastle upon Tyne North. She stood as a candidate for the 2010 UK general election after the incumbent Henry Bingham Baring (4 March 1804 – 25 April 1869) was a British Conservative Party politician. He was the half-brother of Evelyn Baring, 1st Earl of Cromer and a member of the distinguished Baring family. Henry Newton Knights (1872 – 31 October 1959) was a British politician. He was co-opted on 15 October 1918 onto the London County Council by the Municipal Reform party to represent the Dulwich division George Steven Harvie-Watt (23 August 1903&ndash;18 December 1989) was a British Conservative Party politician. Harvie-Watt studied at George Watson's College in Edinburgh, then at the University of Glasgow Captain Alan Crosland Graham (2 August 1896 - 10 May 1964) was a British Conservative politician. He was the son of Sir Crosland Graham of Clwyd Hall, Ruthin, Denbighshire, a Liverpool businessman. He William Henry Fox Talbot was a British inventor and a pioneer of photography, born on February 11, 1800 and died on September 17, 1877. He was the inventor of calotype process, the precursor to most photographic John Waller Hills PC DCL (1867 - 24 December 1938) was a British Conservative politician. The second son of Herbert Augustus and Anna Hills of High Head Castle, Cumberland, Hills was educated at Eton Stephen Williamson (28 June 1827 &ndash; 16 June 1903) was a founder of the Liverpool shipping company Balfour Williamson &amp; Co. and a Scottish Liberal Party politician. He was born in Cellardyke, Algernon Gray Tollemache (24 September 1805 – 17 January 1892, London) was a British gentleman and politician. He was the sixth son of William Tollemache, Lord Huntingtower and Catherine Gray. He was George Cunningham (born 10 June 1931) is a British politician. Cunningham was educated at Dunfermline High School, Blackpool Grammar School and the University of Manchester. He worked for the Labour Party Sir John Fletcher-Cooke (8 August 1911 &ndash; 19 May 1989) was a British Conservative Party politician. A former colonial administrator, he was the Conservative candidate at the Luton by-election in George Thomas Kenyon (28 December 1840 – 26 January 1908) was a British Conservative Party politician who sat in the House of Commons in two periods between 1885 and 1906. Kenyon was the second son of John Gordon Swift MacNeill (March 11, 1849 - August 24, 1926) was an Irish Protestant nationalist politician and MP, in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for South Jonathan Neil Reynolds is a British Labour Co-operative politician, who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Stalybridge and Hyde since 2010. Reynolds worked for four years as an aide for the previous Jacqueline ""Jackie"" Doyle-Price (born 5 August 1969) is an English Conservative Party politician who has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Thurrock since May 2010. She was born in Sheffield and now John Meredith Temple (9 June 1910 &ndash; 10 December 1994) was a British Conservative Party politician. He was elected to the House of Commons in a by-election in 1956 as Member of Parliament for the Robert Harry Morgan (25 January 1880 – 28 November 1960) was a British Conservative Party politician. He was elected at the 1931 general election as Member of Parliament (MP) for the Stourbridge division John Dillon Nugent (1869 – 1 March 1940) was an Irish nationalist politician, insurance representative and company director. He was born at Keady, County Armagh in 1869. He was the national secretary Sir Emanuel Felix Agar (1781 – 28 August 1866) was a British politician and former soldier. Agar served in the British Army and took part in the Peninsular War. He retired as major of the Life Guards Henry Danby Seymour, of Trent (1 July 1820 &ndash; 4 August 1877) was a British gentleman and Liberal Party politician. He was a son of Henry Seymour, of Knoyle House, Wiltshire, of Trent, and of Northbrook Richard Lalor Sheil (17 August 1791 – 23 May 1851), Irish politician, writer and orator, was born at Drumdowney, Slieverue, County Kilkenny, Ireland. The family were temporarily domiciled at Drumdowney Sir Henry Cubitt Gooch (7 December 1871 - 15 January 1959) was a British barrister, educationalist and Conservative politician. Henry Cubitt Gooch was the second son of Charles Cubitt Gooch and Mary Blake, Sir (George) Beresford Craddock (7 October 1898 &ndash; 22 September 1976) was a British Conservative politician. He was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Spelthorne at the 1950 general election, Percy Thompson Dean VC (20 July 1877 &ndash; 20 March 1939) was an English recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded Thomas Charles Hunter Hedderwick (1850 &ndash; 6 February 1918) was a a Liberal Party politician in Scotland who served as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Wick Burghs from 1896 to 1900. His first electoral Colonel John McAusland Denny (29 Nov 1858 – 9 Dec 1922) was a businessman and Conservative Party politician in Scotland. Born in Dumbarton and educated at Dumbarton Academy and in Lausanne, he was a shipbuilder Sir John Anthony Langford-Holt (30 June 1916 - 23 July 1993) was a British Conservative Member of Parliament for Shrewsbury from 1945 to 1983. Unlike most other members of Parliament, Sir John made it Timothy Charles Harrington (1851 &ndash; 12 March 1910), born in County Kerry, was an Irish journalist, barrister, nationalist politician and Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of the United George Lyall (1779 - 1 September 1853) was Chairman of the Honourable East India Company in 1830. He had a range of other business interests involving shipping. He served as Member of Parliament (MP) Lionel Louis Cohen (1832 – 26 June 1887) was an English financier, politician, and communal worker. He served as a trustee and later manager of the London Stock Exchange, and became the head of his father's Ernest Fernyhough (24 December 1908 &ndash; 16 August 1993) was a British Labour Party politician. Fernyhough worked for the National Union of Distributive and Allied Workers from 1936. In 1947, Fernyhough Thomas Babington (18 December 1758 – 21 November 1837) was an English philanthropist and politician. He was a member of the Clapham Sect, alongside more famous abolitionists such as William Wilberforce Isaac Cowley Lambert,(1850 – November 8, 1909) was a British solicitor and Conservative Member of Parliament. Lambert was also a sportsman of note, and captained the Cambridge University rugby team in Patrick Cunningham (1878 &ndash; 2 February 1960) was an Irish nationalist politician. Cunningham, father to twelve children, was elected to the Westminster House of Commons for the Nationalist Party John Edward Sutton (23 December 1862 - 29 November 1945) was a British trades unionist and Labour Party politician. At the age of 14, Sutton took up employment at Bradford Colliery, Manchester. He became Lewis Carter-Jones (17 November 1920 &ndash; 26 August 2004) was a British Labour Party politician. Carter-Jones was educated at Bridgend County School and University College of Wales, Aberystwyth. He Sir Lancelot Shadwell (3 May 1779 – 10 August 1850) was a barrister at Lincoln's Inn and was Member of Parliament (MP) for Ripon from 1826 to 1827 before becoming Vice-Chancellor of England in 1827. He George Pitt-Lewis,, KC, MP, (13 December 1845 &ndash; 30 December 1906) was an English politician. He was born in Honiton where his father, grandfather and great-grandfather were successively headmasters Henry George Allen (29 July 1815 – 20 November 1908) was a British lawyer and Liberal politician. Allen was the second son of John Hensleigh Allen of Cresselly, Pembrokeshire and his wife, Lady Gertrude Sir Alexander Hamilton-Gordon KCB (11 December 1817 – 18 May 1890), was a Scottish soldier and politician. Hamilton-Gordon was the second son of Prime Minister George Hamilton-Gordon, 4th Earl of Aberdeen, William Mitchell (27 June 1838 &ndash; 5 March 1914) was a British Conservative Party politician in Lancashire. Mitchell was an unsuccessful candidate in Accrington at the 1895 general election, and then Gordon Campbell VC, DSO &amp; Two Bars (6 January 1886 – 3 July 1953) was an English naval officer, later a writer and politician, who was a recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest and most prestigious Sir Rowland Blennerhassett, 4th Baronet PC (Ire), JP (5 September 1839 &ndash; 22 March 1909) was an Irish baronet and Liberal Party politician from County Kerry. Blennerhasset was the son of Sir Arthur Sir Peter Drummond Macdonald (1895 &ndash; 2 December 1961) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for the Isle of Wight from 1924 to 1959. Philip Cunliffe-Lister, 1st Earl of Swinton GBE, CH, MC, PC (1 May 1884 – 27 July 1972), known as Philip Lloyd-Greame until 1924 and as The Viscount Swinton from 1935 until 1955, was a prominent British Henry Hartley Fowler, 1st Viscount Wolverhampton PC (16 May 1830 &ndash; 25 February 1911), was a British solicitor and Liberal politician who sat in the House of Commons from 1880 until 1908 when he Sir Henry Wyndham (12 May 1790 &ndash; 3 August 1860) was a British Army General and Conservative Party politician. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Cockermouth from 1852 to 1857 and for West Cumberland Pauline Perry, Baroness Perry of Southwark (born Pauline Welch on 15 October 1931) is an educationalist, a Conservative politician and a member of the British House of Lords. She was Chief Inspector of Robert John Parker, Baron Parker of Waddington PC, (25 February 1857 &ndash; 12 July 1918) was a British judge and barrister. The son of the Reverend Richard Parker was born at Claxby Rectory, Alford. Matthew Hadrian Marshall Carrington (born 19 October 1947) was Conservative Member of Parliament for Fulham from 1987&ndash;1997. He studied Physics at Imperial College London from 1966-1969 during which Robert John Carrington, 2nd Baron Carrington (16 January 1796 &ndash; 17 March 1868) was a baron in the Peerage of the United Kingdom. He was the son of Robert Smith, 1st Baron Carrington. Standish Darby O'Grady, 2nd Viscount Guillamore (26 Dec 1792 &ndash; 22 July 1848) from Cahir Guillamore, County Limerick, was an Anglo-Irish politician. He was elected in 1820 as Member of Parliament Stanley Owen Buckmaster, 1st Viscount Buckmaster, GCVO, PC, KC (9 January 1861 – 5 December 1934) was a British lawyer and Liberal politician. He was Lord Chancellor under H. H. Asquith between 1915 and (Robert) Edwin McAlpine, Baron McAlpine of Moffat, Bt (23 April 1907 – 7 January 1990), grandson of Sir Robert McAlpine, 1st Baronet, was a British construction magnate who headed Sir Robert McAlpine Sir John Francis Whitaker Maitland (24 March 1903 &ndash; 17 November 1977) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom. In the 1945 general election, he was elected as Member of Parliament John Freeman-Mitford, 1st Baron Redesdale PC, KC, FRS (18 August 1748 &ndash; 16 January 1830), known as Sir John Mitford between 1793 and 1802, was a British lawyer and politician. He was Speaker of General Sir Alexander Duff GCH (1777 – 21 March 1853) was a British Army officer of the Napoleonic era. Duff was a younger son of James Duff, 4th Earl Fife. In 1793, he was commissioned an ensign in the General Sir Hugh Arbuthnot, KCB (1780 &ndash; 11 June 1868) was Member of Parliament for Kincardineshire 1826&ndash;1865. 79th Regiment of Foot Ensign in May 1796, Major-General 22 July 1830, Lt-General William David Murray, 4th Earl of Mansfield and Mansfield KT DL (21 February 1806 &ndash; 1 August 1898), was a British Conservative politician. The son of David William Murray, 3rd Earl of Mansfield Edgar Louis Granville, Baron Granville of Eye (12 February 1898 &ndash; 14 February 1998) was a British politician. Edgar Granville was educated at High Wycombe and in Australia, where he lived for some Robert Michael James Gascoyne-Cecil, 7th Marquess of Salisbury, PC DL (born 30 September 1946), is a British Conservative politician. During the 1990s, he was Leader of the House of Lords under his courtesy Arthur Hamilton Lee, 1st Viscount Lee of Fareham, GCB, GBE, GCSI, PC (8 November 1868 – 21 July 1947) was a British soldier, diplomat, politician and patron of the arts. After military postings and an Maurice FitzGerald, 18th Knight of Kerry (29 December 1774 &ndash; 7 March 1849) was an hereditary knight and an Irish Whig politician. FitzGerald represented Kerry in the Irish House of Commons from Adam Haldane-Duncan, 2nd Earl of Camperdown (25 March 1812 – 30 January 1867), styled Viscount Duncan between 1831 and 1859, was a British nobleman and politician. Born in Edinburgh, the Hon. Adam Duncan William Hutchison (c.1870 &ndash; 1 May 1924) was a Glasgow solicitor who served as a Unionist Member of Parliament for Glasgow Kelvingrove from 1922 until his death. He had previously contested the Glasgow Anthony Henry Fanshawe Royle, Baron Fanshawe of Richmond KCMG (27 March 1927 &ndash; 28 December 2001) was a British Conservative Party politician and businessman. A son of Sir Lancelot Royle, he was Sir Charles Grey (15 March 1804 &ndash; 31 March 1870) was a British army officer, member of the British House of Commons and political figure in Lower Canada. In later life, he served as private secretary Anthony Ashley-Cooper, 8th Earl of Shaftesbury (27 June 1831 &ndash; 13 April 1886), styled Lord Ashley between 1851 and 1885, was a British peer, the son of the 7th Earl of Shaftesbury. He married Lady Robert William Elliott, Baron Elliott of Morpeth (born 11 December 1920), known as William Elliott, is a British Conservative Party politician. His father Robert Elliot, known as 'Dick', was a former Sally Oppenheim-Barnes, Baroness Oppenheim-Barnes PC (born 26 July 1930), née Viner, is a British Conservative politician. Born in Dublin and educated in Sheffield, where her father was a diamond cutter, Sir Thomas Maitland, GCB, GCH (1759&ndash;1824) was a British soldier and colonial governor. He also served as a Member of Parliament for Haddington from 1790–96, 1802–06 and 1812–13. He was made a Privy Robert Stevenson Horne, 1st Viscount Horne of Slamannan GBE, PC, KC (28 February 1871&ndash;3 September 1940) was a Scottish businessman, advocate and Unionist politician. He served under David Lloyd Robin Corbett, Lord Corbett of Castle Vale (born 22 December 1933) is a British Labour Party politician. Born in Fremantle, Australia he attended Holly Lodge Grammar School in Smethwick but did not attend Peter Murray Taylor, Baron Taylor of Gosforth PC (1 May 1930 - 28 April 1997) was the Lord Chief Justice of England and Wales from 1992 until his premature retirement in 1996, due to poor health which John Stewart Gathorne-Hardy, 2nd Earl of Cranbrook (March 22, 1839 – July 13, 1911), known as Lord Medway from 1892 to 1906, was a British peer and Conservative Member of Parliament. Born John Stewart John Bonham-Carter DL JP (1788–1838) was a British politician and barrister. The son of Sir John Carter, he changed his name to Bonham-Carter to inherit his counsin's estates. Bonham-Carter was a Justice General Sir John Abercromby or Abercrombie GCB (2 April 1772 &ndash; 14 February 1817) served as a British soldier. The second son of Sir Ralph Abercromby, he entered the army in 1786 as an ensign in Constantine Henry Phipps, 1st Marquess of Normanby KG GCB GCH, PC (15 May 1797 – 28 July 1863), styled Viscount Normanby between 1812 and 1831 and known as The Earl of Mulgrave between 1831 and 1838, Davison Alexander Dalziel, 1st Baron Dalziel of Wooler (17 October 1852 – 18 April 1928), known as Sir Davison Dalziel, Bt, between 1919 and 1928, was a British politician and newspaper owner. David Jonathan Edwards (born 26 April 1976) is a Welsh Plaid Cymru politician. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Carmarthen East and Dinefwr since May 2010. Edwards held Charles Richard Morris, Baron Morris of Grasmere KCMG (25 January 1898 &ndash; 30 May 1990) was an academic philosopher and Vice-Chancellor of the University of Leeds. Morris was born in Sutton Valence, Robert Donald Scott (also known as Donald Scott) (13 November 1901 &ndash; 18 June 1974) was a British Conservative Party politician. He was elected unopposed as Member of Parliament (MP) for Wansbeck Frank Xavier Joseph Russell, Baron Russell of Killowen PC, (2 July 1867 &ndash; 20 December 1946) was a British judge and law lord. The son of the Lord Russell of Killowen, Russell was Lord Justice of John Archibald Murray Macdonald PC (9 October 1854 – 16 January 1939) was a British Liberal Party politician. The fourth son of the Rev. H. F. Macdonald DD, Strachur, Argyllshire, he was educated at Glasgow Charles Watkin Williams-Wynn PC (9 October 1775 &ndash; 2 September 1850) was a British politician of the early- to mid-19th century. He held office in both Tory and Whig administrations and was Father Sir George Middleton (1876 – 25 October 1938) was a Labour Party politician in the United Kingdom who served as Member of Parliament (MP) for Carlisle in the 1920s and 1930s. He was later a Church Estates Cromartie Sutherland-Leveson-Gower, 4th Duke of Sutherland (20 July 1851&ndash; 27 June 1913), styled Lord Cromartie Sutherland-Leveson-Gower until 1858, Earl Gower between 1858 and 1861 and Marquess Robert Michael Maitland Stewart, Baron Stewart of Fulham, CH, PC (6 November 1906 &ndash; 13 March 1990) was a British Labour politician and Fabian Socialist who served twice as Foreign Secretary in the William Stephen Temple-Gore-Langton, 4th Earl Temple of Stowe (11 May 1847 – 28 March 1902), known as William Gore-Langton until 1892, was a British Conservative politician. Gore-Langton was the son of John Morley, 1st Viscount Morley of Blackburn OM, PC (24 December, 1838 – 23 September, 1923) was a British Liberal statesman, writer and newspaper editor. Initially a journalist, he was elected a Member (Charles Ernest) Leonard Lyle, 1st Baron Lyle of Westbourne (22 July 1882 – 6 March 1954) was a British industrialist and Conservative Party politician. He was born in London, the only son of Charles Peter Raymond Oliver, Baron Oliver of Aylmerton PC, QC (7 March 1921 &ndash; 17 October 2007) was a British judge and barrister. Oliver was born in Cambridge, where his father, David Thomas Oliver, was Sir Graham Graham-Montgomery, 3rd Baronet (9 July 1823&ndash;2 June 1901) was a Scottish baronet and member of the British House of Commons. He entered the House in 1852 as a member for Peeblesshire, John Stratford Dugdale (30 July 1835 &ndash; 27 October 1920) was a Conservative Party politician in the United Kingdom. He as elected at the 1886 general election as Member of Parliament (MP) for Nuneaton, William Wellesley-Pole, 3rd Earl of Mornington GCH, PC, PC (Ire) (20 May 1763 &ndash; 22 February 1845), known as The Lord Maryborough between 1821 and 1842, was a British politician and an elder brother Henry John Douglas-Scott-Montagu, 1st Baron Montagu of Beaulieu DL JP (5 November 1832 &ndash; 4 November 1905), known as Lord Henry Scott until 1885, was a British Conservative Party politician. The Sir Richard Carr Glyn, 1st Baronet (2 February 1755 – 27 April 1838) was a British banker and politician. Glyn was the son of Sir Richard Glyn, 1st Baronet, by his second wife Elizabeth (née Carr). He Henry John Temple, 3rd Viscount Palmerston, KG, GCB, PC (20 October 1784 &ndash; 18 October 1865), more popularly known simply as Lord Palmerston, was a British statesman who served twice as Prime Minister Sir George William Henry Jones (1874 &ndash; 3 January 1956) was a British barrister and Conservative politician. Jones spent his early years in business before deciding to study law in his thirties, Thomas Manners-Sutton, 1st Baron Manners, PC (24 February 1756 &ndash; 31 May 1842), was a British lawyer and politician who served as Lord Chancellor of Ireland from 1807 to 1827. Manners-Sutton was Thomas Taylour, 2nd Marquess of Headfort KP PC (4 May 1787 – 6 December 1870), styled Viscount Headfort from 1795 to 1800 and Earl of Bective from 1800 to 1829, was an Anglo-Irish Whig politician. He Josslyn Francis Pennington, 5th Baron Muncaster DL JP (25 December 1834–30 March 1917), was a British soldier and Conservative politician. Muncaster was the third son of Lowther Augustus John Pennington, Edmund Bernard FitzAlan-Howard, 1st Viscount FitzAlan of Derwent KG, PC (1 June 1855 – 18 May 1947), known as Lord Edmund Talbot between 1876 and 1921, was a British Conservative politician and the last William MacColin Kirkpatrick (10 December 1878 &ndash; 3 December 1953) was an English Conservative Party politician. He was elected as Member of Parliament (MP) for Preston at the 1931 general election, Justin McCarthy (22 November 1830 &ndash; 1912) was an Irish nationalist and Liberal historian, novelist and politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1879 to 1900, taking his seat in the House Walter John Montagu Douglas Scott, 8th Duke of Buccleuch, 10th Duke of Queensberry KT GCVO TD PC (30 December 1894 – 4 October 1973) was a politician and Conservative peer. He was the son of John Montagu William Henry Davison, 1st Baron Broughshane KBE FSA JP DL (1872 &ndash; 19 January 1953]]) was a British peer and Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) for Kensington South for twenty-four years. Davison Francis Allston Channing, 1st Baron Channing (21 March 1841 – 20 February 1926), known as Sir Francis Channing, Bt, between 1906 and 1912, was a British barrister, academic, and Liberal Party politici Michael Norman Shaw, Baron Shaw of Northstead (born 9 October 1920) is a British Conservative Party politician who served as a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1960 to 1964 and from 1966 to 1992. At the George Lamb (11 July 1784 &ndash; 2 January 1834) was a British politician and writer. The youngest son of Peniston Lamb, 1st Viscount Melbourne and brother of William Lamb, 2nd Viscount Melbourne, Frederick William Marshall (26 May 1796 &ndash; 16 May 1872) was an English politician, the Member of Parliament for Beverley (1831&ndash;1832), for Carlisle (1835&ndash;1847), and for East Cumberland (1847&ndash;1868). Sir Thomas Herbert, KCB (February 1793 – 4 August 1861), was British officer in the Royal Navy. He served in the Napoleonic Wars, War of 1812, and First Anglo-Chinese War. From 1852 to 1857, he was Member Sir William Jenkins (1871 &ndash; 8 December 1944) was a British Labour politician and trade union leader. Jenkins was the son of a coal miner and attended Glyncorrwg National School before taking up William Thomas Spencer Wentworth-FitzWilliam, 6th Earl FitzWilliam, KG (12 October 1815 &ndash; 20 February 1902) was a British peer and Liberal politician. Born Viscount Milton, he was the second son Charles Collier Johnston, Baron Johnston of Rockport, TD (4 March 1915 &ndash; 30 April 2002) was a British Conservative politician and businessman. The son of Charles Moore Johnston and Muriel Florence"
Category:Albums	6593	Category:Humanities/Category:Entertainment/Category:Music/Category:Albums Category:Culture/Category:Albums Category:Culture/Category:Entertainment/Category:Music/Category:Albums Category:Society/Category:Entertainment/Category:Music/Category:Albums Category:Arts/Category:Performing_arts/Category:Music/Category:Albums	"African Swim is a free download album released in 2008 by Adult Swim. The compilation contains unreleased music from the majority of the label's current roster and its release was timed to coincide with Higher Level is the debut album by reggaeton singer Fito Blanko, released in 2004. The album is entirely produced by Peruvian-Canadian producer Sensei, and it features the singles ""Me Voy a Marchar"", Elle'ments is the debut studio album by German pop group No Angels, released by Polydor's sublabel Cheyenne Records on March 12, 2001 in German-speaking Europe. It was primarily produced by Thorsten Brötzmann, Feminnem Show is Feminnem's debut album released in 2005. They are best known for representing Bosnia and Herzegovina at the 2005 Eurovision Song Contest. The album includes their Eurovision song, ""Zovi"", Human Jerky is the first full-length album by deathgrind band Cattle Decapitation released in 1999. It was first released as an LP by Satan's Pimp, and was later re-released as a CD by Three One G. Lobotomizer is the debut album of the Norwegian band Motorpsycho, released in 1991. The album has a raw sound and style. However, it has been called the band's weakest record. The album includes the live-performance Hellig Usvart is the debut album by Australian unblack metal band Horde, released in 1994 on Nuclear Blast Records. Upon its release in 1994, the album created a controversy among the black metal fans; Released in 1997, Idle Worship is The Eclectics' first album and was recorded by Steve Albini. Mastered by Tom Florio. Photos by Tom Florio. Hair by Melanie Abramowitz &amp; Shelley. Illustrations by Better Dayz is the third posthumous album by late American rapper Tupac Shakur, and the last so far to be a double-album. It was released in November 2002, debuting at number 5 on the Billboard 200. This Hoch wie nie (loosely translated, ""Higher than Ever Before"") is the name of the 2007 posthumously-published 'Best of' double album by Austrian musician Falco, who died in 1998. The Longplayer was published City of Syrup is the first album by southern rapper Big Moe. It is a concept album about purple drank. There is also a ""Wreckchopped and Screwed"" version of this album Stacked Deck is the debut album by American country rock group the Amazing Rhythm Aces, released in 1975 on the ABC label. The album was recorded at the Phillips Recording Studio in Memphis, Tennessee Liner notes (also sleeve notes or album notes) are the writings found in booklets which come inserted into the compact disc jewel case or the equivalent packaging for vinyl records and cassettes. They 2 Much Drama is the debut album by NBA star, Chris Webber, released under his nickname C. Webb. Released in 1999 for independent label, Lightyear Records, the album was neither a critical nor commercial The Egg Hunt is the debut studio album by American piano rock band Making April, released on 3 March 2009. It was produced by Adam Richman. The CD is available to order online through SmartPunk, directly Mon paradis is the first studio album recorded by French singer Christophe Maé. It was released in 2007 and achieved huge success in France and Belgium (Wallonia), selling over two million copies worldwide, Etherlibrium is the debut album by rapper/producer Ron Browz, which was released on July 20, 2010. The album was released on iTunes on July 20, 2010 and on Amazon. com on August 3, 2010. Soul Meeting is an album released in 1958, recorded by Ray Charles and Milt Jackson for Atlantic Records. The album was later re-issued together with another Charles / Jackson recording, Soul Brothers , a cover version, or simply cover, is a new performance or recording of a previously recorded, commercially released song or popular song. It can sometimes have a pejorative meaning implying that the From the Wood is the debut album of Pat McGee, who would go on to form the Pat McGee Band. It was released independently in 1995. There are two versions that exist, both containing 9 songs. The original Not That Kind is the debut album by American pop singer-songwriter Anastacia, released internationally in June 2000 and in the United States and Canada on March 27, 2001. The album was primarily produced Piece of Time is the debut album by the technical death metal band Atheist, released in 1989 in Europe. However, it was not released in the United States until 1990. The reason for this was that the label Finally Karen is the debut album of gospel singer Karen Clark Sheard, released on November 4, 1997. The live portion of the album was recorded at Bailey Cathedral in Detroit, Michigan. The album was Grammy-nominated The Red Shift is Monty Are I's first full-length album under the name Monty. They previously released an EP and a full-length under the name Monty's Fan Club. This was the only album they would release Fleshwounds is the debut album from ex-Skunk Anansie lead singer Skin. The album was re-released with an art work and slight track change. Not entirely satisfied with the album, Skin re-released it with Overstepping is the 1998 debut album by avant-garde composer Eve Beglarian. The disc features sixty-four minutes of music with four different works composed between 1984 to 1995 with performers Kathleen An album musical is a type of recording that sounds like an original cast album but is created specifically for the recording medium and is complete entertainment product in itself, rather than just promoting Lightfoot! is the debut album by Canadian singer-songwriter Gordon Lightfoot. Though recorded in late 1964, the album was not released until the spring of 1966 on the United Artists label. ""Get Away From Me"" redirects here. For the Nellie McKay album, see Get Away from Me. I Gotta Be MeStudio album by Johnny ""J""Released February 1994Recorded 1994Genre Hip-Hop, Gangsta rap,G-funk, Bass music,ContemporaryLength Thrillington is a 1977 album by Paul McCartney, under the pseudonym of Percy ""Thrills"" Thrillington. The album is an instrumental cover version of Paul and Linda McCartney's 1971 album, Ram. Arranger Cruel Melody is the name of Black Light Burns' debut album. Small pieces of the album come from past projects involving Wes Borland including Eat the Day, The Damning Well and an unreleased ambient solo Klopfzeichen is the first full-length album by German experimental music trio Kluster. Klopfzeichen was recorded on December 21, 1969 at Rhenus-Studio, Gordorf, Germany. Liner notes on the CD reissue Ultimate High is the debut album of Irish-born singer Carly Smithson, released under her maiden name Carly Hennessy in 2001 by MCA Records. It failed to find an audience despite getting good reviews and The Final Tic is the debut album by Crucial Conflict. It was released on July 2, 1996 through Pallas and Universal Records and was entirely produced by member Wildstyle. The album was a success due in A record sleeve is the outer covering of a vinyl recording. The sleeve is technically the paper covering that is closest in contact to the surface of the recording, as in ""dust sleeve"", ""liner"" and ""album A Son Unique is a posthumous album by Ol' Dirty Bastard. Intended to be his third proper solo album (not counting 2002's The Trials and Tribulations of Russell Jones, which is a compilation of remixed The Olatunji Concert: The Last Live Recording is the Impulse! Records-released final live recording of saxophonist John Coltrane, recorded April 23, 1967, at the Olatunji Center of African Culture in War Of Words is the first album by Singers &amp; Players. It was released in the U.S. on 99 Records in November 1981 and then in the U.K. on On-U Sound Records in August 1982. It was produced by Adrian Nirvana is an album by jazz flautist Herbie Mann with Bill Evans's Trio featuring Chuck Israels and Paul Motian released on the Atlantic label featuring performances recorded in 1961 and 1962. All Kooked Out! is the first studio album by New Orleans, Louisiana based drummer Stanton Moore. It was recorded entirely live in the studio with no overdubs and no headphones, in a week-long session Unexpected is the debut solo album by German singer-songwriter Sandy, released by Cheyenne Records and Polydor on September 13, 2004. It was primarily produced by production teams Mute8 and Twin, with This Film's Crap Let's Slash the Seats is the debut album by David Holmes, originally released in 1995. It was reissued in the US with a bonus CD of remixes and B-sides in 1998. The Hunter is the first (and, thus far, only) recording from the band Orion The Hunter, which was an offshoot of the band Boston (guitarist Barry Goudreau and vocalist Brad Delp-who sang backing vocals I'm Your Man is the debut album of American country music artist Jason Sellers, released in 1997 via BNA Records. Singles released from the album include the title track, ""That Does It"" and ""This Small The Live Wire: Woody Guthrie in Performance 1949 is a recording of a concert by Woody Guthrie in Newark, New Jersey, one of a small number of surviving live recordings of the folksinger. The program consists A Little Man and a House and the Whole World Window is the fourth studio album by the pronk band Cardiacs. It was recorded at The Workhouse in London. The original batch of CDs were actually the Dutch This compilation album is part of ""The Number One Project"", a music based charity event in Liverpool, to mark its status as European Capital of Culture for 2008. The city delivered 56 number one singles Love Me or Leave Me is the debut album released by female rap group, The Gyrlz. It was released in 1988 for Capitol Records and featured production from Kyle West, Al B. Sure! and Teddy Riley. The two The Inevitable Rise and Liberation of NiggyTardust! is the third album by Saul Williams, released on November 1, 2007. Williams worked closely with Trent Reznor on the album. The title of the album is Downtown Science is the first and only album released by rap duo Downtown Science. It was released in 1991 through Def Jam Recordings and was mainly produced by member, Sam Sever. The album was a critical Power of a Woman is the debut album by white female rapper, Tairrie B. The album was released in 1990 for Ruthless Records and distributed through MCA Records and was produced by Tairrie B, Schoolly D Heart Shaped World is the debut album of country music singer Jessica Andrews. It was released on March 23, 1999, and it produced four singles on the Hot Country Songs Endangered Species is a compilation of unreleased tracks, guest appearances, and greatest hits by the late rapper Big Pun, released in 2001 following his death in February 2000. The proceeds from the I'm the One was the first album by Annette Peacock, and was released in 1972. I'm the One featured Annette Peacock's multiple vocal and instrumental talents. The album fuses blues, jazz, avant garde electronic Masterplan is the debut studio album by Swiss singer Stefanie Heinzmann. It was released by Universal Music Domestic on March 7, 2008 in German-speaking Europe, following Heinzmann's win of the television Leçons de Ténèbres is the debut album of the neoclassical band Elend. It was the first in the Officium Tenebrarum trilogy. The lyrics to four songs (Chanting, Into Bottomless Perdition, Lucifer and The The Bee Gees Sing and Play 14 Barry Gibb Songs is the Bee Gees' debut LP, released under the artist title ""Barry Gibb &amp; the Bee Gee's [sic sic]"". It was released in November 1965 on the Australian Memento Mori is the debut album from the indie rock band The Bastard Fairies. The title of the album is the Latin phrase, ""Remember that you are mortal"". There are two versions of this album, one free Live in Japan is a four-disc box set by American saxophonist John Coltrane and his last group, featuring the quintet of Coltrane, his wife/pianist Alice, saxophonist/bass clarinetist Pharoah Sanders, Michael Jackson's This Is It (or simply This Is It) is a posthumous two-disc soundtrack / compilation album by American recording artist Michael Jackson. Released by Epic Records on October 26, 2009, Real Life is the debut album by Joan as Police Woman, released on Reveal Records in the UK on June 12 2006, and a year later in the United States. In addition to the standard jewel-case release, it was Whatever People Say I Am, That's What I'm Not is the debut album by English band Arctic Monkeys, released on 23 January 2006. The album became the UK's fastest selling debut album, shifting over 360,000 Stand Back! Here Comes Charley Musselwhite's Southside Band is the 1966 or 1967 debut album of American blues-harp musician Charlie Musselwhite, leading Charlie Musselwhite's Southside Band. The Vanguard Cee-Lo Green and His Perfect Imperfections is the debut solo album of former Goodie Mob rapper Cee-Lo. The album features guest appearances from Jahalla, Kirkland Underground, fellow Dungeon Family rappers The Downfall Of Ibliys: A Ghetto Opera is the full-length debut album by Manhattan, New York rapper MF Grimm, released on January 12, 2002 on his own independent label Day By Day Entertainment. The album Greatest Hits Vol. III is the first studio album by progressive rock band Umphrey's McGee, recorded and released in 1998 just six months after the band's formation. This is the only album to feature the Experience Hendrix: The Best of Jimi Hendrix is a greatest hits career-spanning compilation of Jimi Hendrix's best known music from 1966 to 1970 released on September 16, 1997 in the United Kingdom and My Love Is Higher Than Your Assessment of What My Love Could Be is the first full length album from the Athens, Georgia based rock band Harvey Milk. My Love... was originally released in 1994 and was Down the Road is the debut album of American country music artist Larry Stewart. It was his first solo release, as he had just left his role as lead singer of the band Restless Heart one year previous. In Good Company is the Canadian Chamber Choir's first studio album. Under artistic direction of Julia Davids it was released on May 18, 2010. This album features songs composed by Canadians and performed The Great Pretender is the U.S. version of Freddie Mercury's posthumous solo project, to observe the anniversary of his death. There were numerous producers who had permission from Jim Beach to use the Täältä tullaan Venäjä (Finnish for ""Russia Here We Come"") is the debut album of Hassisen Kone. It was released in 1980, shortly after the newly formed band had won the Finnish Rock championship. The outspoken Harlem's Finest - A Freestyle History is an unofficial compilation album featuring American rapper Big L. The album was originally released on vinyl only. The cd version was released in 2003 under the Sviđa mi se da ti ne bude prijatno (I like when you feel uncomfortable) is the debut album by the Serbian alternative rock band Disciplina Kičme, released by the Slovenian record label Helidon in 1983. I Was So Unpopular in School and Now They're Giving Me This Beautiful Bicycle is the debut album of Swedish indiepop group Billie the Vision and the Dancers recorded in the spring of 2004. It was released The Morning After was Maureen McGovern's first studio album, released in July 1973. The album was released by popular demand following an Academy Award win for Best Song for ""The Morning After"", written Not of This Earth is the first full album by instrumental rock solo artist Joe Satriani. Numerous tracks off this album are still played live by Satriani. The original artwork used for the first pressing Horseshoes and Hand Grenades is the 1992 debut solo album by Chris Mars. The album contains the hit song ""Popular Creeps,"" which denounces snooty high school cliques. Most songs seem to cover break-ups, Kiss &amp; Tell is the debut studio album by American band Selena Gomez &amp; the Scene. It was released on September 29, 2009 by Hollywood Records. The band worked with several writers and producers Nightmares That Surface from Shallow Sleep is the first album by American rapper and Wu-Tang Clan affiliate Warcloud, originally released in 2002 as a CD-R by the Skarekrow Music label. It was remastered Take No Prisoners is the debut solo album of British rock singer David Byron. It was released whilst he was still vocalist for Uriah Heep and features Heep bandmates Mick Box and Lee Kerslake. U-Godzilla Presents the Hillside Scramblers is the debut album of U-God's group, the Hillside Scramblers. Among its members are King Just, whose 1995 album Mystics of the God is a favorite early Wu-affiliated BBC Sessions is an album of recordings by the rock group The Jimi Hendrix Experience, released on MCA Records on June 2, 1998. It contains all the surviving tracks from their various appearances on BBC Green Wing: Original Television Soundtrack is the soundtrack to the British sitcom Green Wing by Jonathan Whitehead, under the name ""Trellis"". The album contains 23 tracks originally recorded for the The Smothers Brothers at the Purple Onion, released May 1, 1961 on Mercury Records, was the first album released by the Smothers Brothers and established their reputation as folk music satirists. The Let the Music Play is the debut studio album from dance music/freestyle singer Shannon. The title track (originally called ""Fire and Ice""), written by the team of Chris Barbosa &amp; Ed Chisolm, became I Oughtta Give You a Shot in the Head for Making Me Live in This Dump is the debut album by American alternative rock band Shivaree, released by Capitol Records in 1999. It contains the song ""Goodnight Psychic... Powerless... Another Man's Sac is the first full-length studio album by American punk band Butthole Surfers, released in December 1984. All songs were written and produced by the Butthole Surfers. Roy Clark &amp; Joe Pass Play Hank Williams is an album by American guitarists Roy Clark and Joe Pass, released in 1994. Producer Ralph Jungheim came up with concept of putting Clark and Pass in the studio One Nation Underground was the debut album by American psychedelic folk group Pearls Before Swine. It was released on the ESP-Disk label in 1967. It was recorded at Impact Sound in New York City, between Frank Zappa Plays the Music of Frank Zappa: A Memorial Tribute is a posthumous album by Frank Zappa. According to the liner notes, Frank's son Dweezil talked with his father shortly before Frank's death Everything Is Alive, Everything Is Breathing, Nothing Is Dead, and Nothing Is Bleeding is the debut album by Douglasville, GA's The Chariot. It was recorded completely live and overdub-free (as well as Smoke 'em if You Got 'em is the first album by psychobilly trio The Reverend Horton Heat. It was released in November 1990 on Sub Pop. An early version of the album had been recorded in the traditional Black and White was the first album released by Tony Joe White. It contained the single ""Polk Salad Annie"" which was a staple of Elvis Presley's live sets in the 1970s. It was recorded at RCA Victor Studios, Bistriji ili tuplji čovek biva kad... is the only full-length album by Šarlo akrobata. Extremely well-received by the critics, it has nevertheless failed to achieve much commercial success. In the years Str8 off tha Streetz of Compton (Straight off the Streets of Muthafuckin' Compton) was rapper Eazy-E's second full-length album. It was released posthumously in 1995. It contains the singles ""Tha Muthaphukkin' Wild and Peaceful is the debut album by Teena Marie, released in 1979 on Motown, and featuring significant contributions from Rick James. The packaging of the album is renowned for not including an image Ten Years After is the debut album by the English rock/blues band Ten Years After. It features Spoonful, a cover that the more famous British blues rock group Cream also covered. The album is also low VH1 Storytellers is a live album by Johnny Cash and Willie Nelson, released in 1998 on American Recordings. The album was produced by Rick Rubin and was the third record released as part of Cash's 9-year A Matter of Time is the debut album by Australian hip hop group Hilltop Hoods, released in 1999. The promotion, manufacturing and marketing of the album was funded by a grant from the band's local government Squirrel and G-Man Twenty Four Hour Party People Plastic Face Carnt Smile (White Out) was the first album by British band Happy Mondays. It was released in 1987 and produced by John Cale. The title and Lynyrd Skynyrd, styled (pronounced 'lĕh-'nérd 'skin-'nérd), is the debut album from Lynyrd Skynyrd, released in 1973 . Featured songs include ""I Ain't the One,"" ""Gimme Three Steps,"" ""Simple Man,"" ""Tuesday's Tales Told is British singer/songwriter Ian Broudie's debut release, staging a return to his roots with traditional instruments - real drums, acoustic guitars and fiddles with no studio trickery. All Penetralia is the debut album of Hypocrisy released in 1992. The cover artwork is created by Dan Seagrave. The digipak reissue contains two bonus tracks; ""Life of Filth"" (from Death.... Is Just the Beginning A Larum is the first full-length LP by London-based folk rock band Johnny Flynn &amp; The Sussex Wit, although it was released under the name of Johnny Flynn alone. It was released on May 26, 2008 in is the first album by W, the duo formed by Morning Musume and Minimoni members and longtime friends Ai Kago and Nozomi Tsuji. Recorded while they were winding down their duties as Morning Musume and Minimoni Minuteflag was an experimental jam band collaboration between members of the American punk bands Minutemen and Black Flag. Their only release, an EP, consists almost entirely of instrumentals with the Ruby Trax - The NME's Roaring Forty is a compilation album released by the magazine NME in 1992 to commemorate 40 years of publication. The album features 40 cover versions of classic Number 1 songs by Get Warmer is the fourth full-length album by DIY collective Bomb the Music Industry!. This was the first BtMI! album to feature a live band, which was made up of over 20 different musicians. It is also Tigerlily is an album written, produced, and performed by Natalie Merchant, released on June 20, 1995. It is her first solo album after splitting from the 10,000 Maniacs. The album received mixed reviews, So Alone is a 1978 album by Johnny Thunders, then leader of The Heartbreakers and formerly lead guitarist for the New York Dolls. After recording L.A.M.F. with the Heartbreakers, Thunders returned to Trio II is the second album featuring collaboration between American singer/songwriters Emmylou Harris, Linda Ronstadt, and Dolly Parton. A dozen years after the release of their multi-Platinum Grammy Occasus is the first studio release album by industrial/experimental metal band The Amenta. The album won them the Best Metal Newcomers award for 2004 by the Australian edition of Kerrang! magazine. The Is This It is the debut studio album by American indie rock band The Strokes. Recorded at Transporterraum in New York City with producer Gordon Raphael, the album was first released on July 30, 2001 in Love Hate is the debut album of American R&amp;B and pop artist The-Dream, released December 11, 2007 on his Def Jam-imprint label Radio Killa. He has stated that the title is an abbreviation for ""Love Trap House is the debut independent album by the Atlanta based rapper, Gucci Mane. The songs ""Icy"" and ""Go Head"" were released as singles. A clean version of Trap House was released with eight fewer s Raintown is the debut album of Scottish pop band Deacon Blue. The album, written largely by lead singer Ricky Ross, was released in the United Kingdom on May 1, 1987. It proved a commercial success and It Dreams was the debut album by Jakalope, released on October 26, 2004. The music videos made for the album are known for the clone and hybrid theme connected to the band. Videos featuring Dave Ogilvie Cabretta, known as Mink DeVille in the United States, was the 1977 debut album by Mink DeVille. A modest best-seller, Cabretta was selected number 57 in the Village Voice's 1977 ""Pop &amp; Jazz Critics Cheers 2 U is the debut studio album from American R&amp;B group Playa, released March 24, 1998 on Def Jam Recordings. The album peaked at number eighty-six on the Billboard 200 chart. W.O.W. is the first solo studio album released by Wendy O. Williams in 1984 after her group, the Plasmatics, broke up . In 1982, KISS asked for Wendy and the Plasmatics to appear as a Special Guest on Pussysoul is the debut album from sludge metal band, Soilent Green. It is the bands first and last album released through Los Angeles based record label Dwell Records. In 2005 Pussysoul was re-mastered CATCH! is the first studio album of Japanese singer Tsuji Shion. CATCH!Studio album by Tsuji ShionReleased File:Flag of Japan. svg May 19, 2010Genre J-PopLength 53:29Label DefStar Records Tracklist  Track Grey Skies is the first and only album by Crooked Lettaz, released on April 20, 1999 through Penalty Recordings. Mostly produced by group member David Banner, Grey Skies featured two singles, ""Caught Za Za Za is the title of a studio album released by DJ Oscar Lobo and his Grupo Climax. This album became their first number-one set on the Billboard Top Latin Albums. The song contains samples of ""El F.L.M. is the first and only album by British pop duo Mel and Kim. It was written (except where noted) and produced by Stock Aitken Waterman and made it to number three on the UK Albums Chart in 1987. Rob &amp; Fab was a pop and dance music project formed and fronted by Rob Pilatus and Fabrice Morvan in the U.S. A in 1990 after the group Milli Vanilli. Morvan and Pilatus moved to Los Angeles, California, BUCK is the first major full-length album released by Christian ska band BUCK Enterprises. The album was released under the band's name of BUCK. The enhanced portion of the disc contained a video about Hypnotica is the debut album of DJ/Producer Benny Benassi which was released in 2003. The album was titled as Benny Benassi Presents the Biz, where the Biz are the singers Paul French and Violeta. It Scrambles is an album by Bomb the Music Industry! which was released digitally on February 15, 2009 via Quote Unquote Records, free of charge. The album was also released physically on Asian Man Records. 39/Smooth is the debut album by the American punk rock band Green Day. It was released on April 13, 1990 through Lookout! Records on vinyl (black, green, and clear) and cassette. It would later be combined Pale Folklore is the debut album of the American band Agalloch. It features an eclectic mix of acoustic folk reminiscent of Scandinavian bands such as Ulver, doom and black metal-esque riffs, growled, Sugar &amp; Spite is the debut album from Unkle Bob, a Glasgow five piece who have been creating music together for around two years, forming whilst at college together. Produced by Saul Davies, guitarist Starting Now is the debut album of American country music artist Chuck Wicks. It was released on January 22, 2008. The album debuted at number 24 on the U.S. Billboard 200 chart, selling about 20,000 Love Is Here is the first studio album by indie rock band Starsailor, released on 8 October 2001. In 2002 'Love is Here' was certified as Platinum in the UK I'm Tore Up was the first album by Billy ""Crash"" Craddock. The album was released under the name Crash Craddock. It was released in 1964 on the King label. It was rereleased two times in 1975 on the Power 25 O'Clock is a mini-album from XTC which was released under the pseudonym The Dukes of Stratosphear, and was also the title song from that release. Joined by XTC member Dave Gregory's brother Ian on Foxbase Alpha is the first album by British band Saint Etienne, released in 1991. The album was recorded in a style which is close to the house music sound of the time, but songs like ""Nothing Can Stop Blue On Blue is Leigh Nash's debut solo album. Nash began working on the album a year after Sixpence None the Richer disbanded. Produced by Pierre Marchand who is famous for his collaborations with Sarah Autumn Bone is the first full-length release from Melbourne-based singer-songwriter Clare Bowditch and her band, The Feeding Set. The album features 11 tracks, each of which are written entirely by Bowditch. Greater Art is the first studio album by gothic metal band Lake of Tears. It was released in 1994 and, unlike their later albums, Greater Art is stylistically straightforward doom metal. Purple Onion is the first studio album by The Les Claypool Frog Brigade, released on September 24, 2002. It followed two live releases by the band, and is the first release of the Frog Brigade's original Four Moments is the debut studio album by the Australian symphonic rock band Sebastian Hardie and was released in August 1975 by Polydor Records. It was their most commercially successful release and Ghetto Dope is the debut album by the 5th Ward Boyz, released on May 4, 1993 through Rap-a-Lot Records. The album featured production from Mike Dean, N.O. Joe, James Smith and John Bido. Ghetto Dope peaked Mi Sueño is the debut album from Cuban singer Marlon. Marlon was the winner of the third season of Puerto Rican talent show contest Objetivo Fama. The album was released in the U.S. on October 24, 2006. Yours to Keep, the debut solo album by The Strokes guitarist Albert Hammond Jr, was released October 9, 2006 in the UK through Rough Trade Records and was released in North America on March 6, 2007 through , a concept album is an album that is ""unified by a theme, which can be instrumental, compositional, narrative, or lyrical"". Commonly, concept albums tend to incorporate preconceived musical or lyrical Stars of CCTV is the debut album from Staines-based British band Hard-Fi. It was first released on July 4, 2005 on Necessary/Atlantic and Warner Music UK. It was nominated for the 2005 Mercury Music P Out of My Way is a 1997 solo album by Peter Holsapple, on the New Orleans label Monkey Hill records. Personnel includes keyboardist Benmont Tench and Holsapple's fellow Continental Drifters Vicki Peterson, Like Icicles is the first full-length album by the Seattle indie band This Busy Monster. It was released in 1998 on the Barsuk Records label. It is one of the first albums in the Barsuk catalogue. Pac's Life is the fifth posthumously released album from the late American rapper 2Pac, commemorating the ten-year anniversary of his death. It was released November 21, 2006, in the United States, on Trust No One is the debut solo album by Jane's Addiction and former Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist Dave Navarro, released on June 19, 2001 on Capitol. In 2009, Navarro stated: ""I did a solo record [Trust Wazoo is a live album by Frank Zappa, posthumously released on October 30, 2007. It is a 2-CD set consisting of the complete concert given by ""The Mothers of Invention/Hot Rats/Grand Wazoo"" 20-piece big Sex Packets is the debut album from the 1990s rap group Digital Underground and is a concept album about ""G.S.R.A. "" (Genetic Suppression Relief Antedotes), a pharmaceutical substance that is produced Fire of Love is the debut album of the American punk band The Gun Club, released in 1981 on Ruby Records. The album is considered groundbreaking in being the first of its kind to combine the hard, stripped-down For all tid (""Forever"", or, literally, ""For All Time"" in English) is the first studio album by Norwegian symphonic black metal band Dimmu Borgir. It was re-mastered and re-released in 1997 with their Jay Stay Paid is an album from the late hip hop musician J Dilla, mixed like a radio show by Pete Rock. It is a posthumous album, but is his fourth album overall. It was released June 2, 2009 on Nature Ultramega OK is the debut studio album by the American grunge band Soundgarden, released on October 31, 1988 through SST Records. Following the release of the EPs Screaming Life (1987), and Fopp (1988), A split album (or split) is a music album which includes tracks by two or more separate artists. There have been singles and EPs released in the same nature, which can be referred to as singles and split Roger and Out was the debut album of country music singer-songwriter Roger Miller. It was released under the Smash Records label in 1964, and later re-released in 2005 under Vertigo Records, adding the Message Man is the debut album by Eddy Grant. He plays every instrument and sings every voice on this album. The album is significant for its socio-political stance in songs such as ""Race Hate"" and ""Cockney Pure Pleasure is the debut album of Jamaican reggae artist Shaggy. It was released in 1993 and featured his first hit single, ""Oh Carolina,"" a dancehall remake of a ska hit by the Folkes Brothers. The Walk Among Us is the eighth release from the American horror punk band The Misfits. The band's first full-length album to be released (although it was actually the 3rd to be recorded, after Static Age The Bugaloos is an American children's television series produced by brothers Sid and Marty Krofft, airing on NBC on Saturday mornings from 1970 to 1972. The show featured a musical group composed of Chawalaleng is the Pilfers second full length album, yet their first on a major label. It was released on September 21, 1999 through Mojo Records. Chawalaleng is a record that blends pop, metal, reggae, Music from Big Pink is the 1968 debut album by rock band The Band. It features their best-known song, ""The Weight"". The music was composed partly in 'Big Pink', a house shared by Rick Danko, Richard Manuel, The Man Not The Dawg is the solo debut album of Khujo from Goodie Mob. It was released by Street Level in 2002. It was released to very limited success. South Saturn Delta is a posthumous Jimi Hendrix album compiled by the Hendrix estate that consists of material such as demo tapes, unfinished takes and alternate mixes, previously released material, most Unfabulous and More is the soundtrack for the TV series Unfabulous. It also serves as Emma Roberts's debut album, released on September 27, 2005. The album contains songs from the show's first season, Shyne is the self-titled debut album by rapper Shyne with Sean ""Puff Daddy"" Combs' Bad Boy Records and was released on September 26, 2000. Shyne had been hyped prior to the album's release as similar The Sound of Revenge is the debut studio album by rapper Chamillionaire, although it is not Chamillionaire's debut album as he had released two independent albums and many mixtapes previously. It was The Caitiff Choir is the full-length debut album released by the band It Dies Today. On March 21, 2006, the album was re-released with a new artwork, a slightly different mix, and seven bonus tracks. Heart of the Congos is a roots reggae album by The Congos, produced by Lee ""Scratch"" Perry at his Black Ark studio with a studio band including Boris Gardiner on bass and Ernest Ranglin on guitar. The The Time is the 1981 debut album by The Time. The album consists of funk-pop jams and ballads. Although the band's lineup is listed and pictured on the cover, the album was essentially written and performed Sound of Confusion is the first studio album by space rock group Spacemen 3, released in 1986 on Glass Records. Three of the seven songs are cover versions; ""Rollercoaster"" by the 13th Floor Elevators, Hangad is the self-titled debut album of the Philippine-based vocal ensemble Hangad. It contains the singles ""Pananatili"" and ""Panunumpa"", the latter of which was popularized by pop singer Carol Banawa. Meet the Supremes is the debut album by The Supremes, released in late 1962 on Motown. The LP includes the group's earliest singles: ""I Want a Guy"", ""Buttered Popcorn"", ""Your Heart Belongs to Me"" and The Conet Project: Recordings of Shortwave Numbers Stations is a four-CD set of recordings of numbers stations, mysterious shortwave radio stations of uncertain origin believed to be operated by government Mountain is the 1969 debut solo album from guitarist Leslie West. It is often cited as a Mountain album, but was actually a solo album which contained some members of Mountain. Cosima is the self-titled debut album by Australian Idol finalist and Australian singer Cosima De Vito, released in 2004. The album features the Cold Chisel-cover and power ballad hit single ""When the On the Love Beach is the first album by Japanese psychedelic-folk rock duo Nagisa Ni te. It was released in 1995 by Org Records. In 2000, P-Vine Records re-released this album followed by Jagjaguwar in Units in the City is the debut album by rapper Shawty Lo. It was released on February 26, 2008. The first single was ""Dey Know"". There is also a remix to ""Dey Know"". The second single was ""Dunn Dunn"" A Long Time Coming is the first studio album by Emmy award-winning actor and comedian, Wayne Brady. It was released on September 16, 2008. It has also been noted for bringing back a more classic style Terra is the debut full-length album by Norwegian/Swedish progressive metal band Cronian. The album was sporadically recorded through 2004 and 2005, with the two members of the band separated by their Snowflake Midnight is the seventh studio album from Mercury Rev. It was released on September 29, 2008 in the UK, and September 30 in the US. From the band's website: “ On September 29, 2008, MERCURY It Ain't 4 Play is the first and only album released by American rap group, Funk Mobb. It was released July 15, 1996 on Sick Wid It Records and Jive Records. The album was produced by G-Note, D-Shot, Slash is the eponymous debut solo album by former Guns N' Roses and current Velvet Revolver guitarist, Slash. The album was produced by Eric Valentine and features multiple musicians including four of L'amour parfait (French for 'the perfect love') is the debut album of French singer Cali, released on August 19, 2003. The album was dedicated to Franck Vanderbergh. All songs are written and sung by Sissel is a 1986 album from Norwegian singer Sissel Kyrkjebø. It was her debut album which contained different genres and styles. According to her, "".... The songs tell different facets of love. "" It The Frailty of Words is the debut album of the melodic hardcore band Hopesfall. The CD is quite hard to find, and the band no longer acknowledges this album on their website. Sunseed is the debut album released by American singer Hayley Sales on 19 June 2007. The album is written and produced completely by herself and was recorded in her family studio and features the two Buffalo is a live album by Frank Zappa, released in 2007 as a two-CD set. It is the second installment on the Vaulternative Records label that is dedicated to the posthumous release of complete live shows Kutless is the self-titled debut album of Christian rock group, Kutless, released in 2002. The songs ""Run"" and ""Your Touch"" both reached Number 1 song on ChristianRock. net, and ""Tonight"" was in the Top 11 Tracks of Whack is the first solo album by Steely Dan guitarist Walter Becker, released in 1994. It was his second collaboration with Steely Dan partner Donald Fagen, who produced the album, since was the first album released by the eponynmous group composed of Sem Vargas and Marco Antonio Muñoz. It was released in January 13, 2004, and that same year the album was charted on Billboard Top Latin Aurora Gory Alice is the first album by Letters To Cleo, released in 1993 on the record label CherryDisc Records and re-released in 1994 on Giant Records. The first single from the album was ""I See"", Starfire is the debut album of hard rock/heavy metal singer and former The Snakes, Millennium and current Masterplan vocalist Jørn Lande. It was released on November 21, 2000. It features mainly a melodic Haddaway (also known under the name of The Album) is the debut album of pop music Eurodance and House artist Haddaway, which includes his hit singles ""What Is Love"" and ""Life"". Are You Listening? is Dolores O'Riordan's debut solo album. It was released on May 4 in the Republic of Ireland, May 7, 2007 in Europe and May 15, 2007, in North America. ""Ordinary Day"" was the first Vehicle is the debut studio album by The Ides of March, released in 1970. The single and title of the album, ""Vehicle,"" became the fastest selling single in Warner's history. Showbiz is the debut studio album by English alternative rock band Muse, released in the United Kingdom on 4 October 1999. Recorded between April and May at RAK Studios and Sawmills Studio, respectively, Midnight Lightning is a posthumous ninth studio album by American guitarist Jimi Hendrix, released in November 1975. It was the sixth Hendrix studio album released after his death and the second to be Osaka is the only album put out by The Kickovers. It was released on April 23, 2002 on the Fenway Recordings record label. Some promotional copies of Osaka went out with the bands original name, The Brakes. Words On The Floor is the debut album by singer-songwriter Tommy Reilly, released on September 21, 2009. Produced by the Grammy and Brit Award-winning Bernard Butler, and recorded in Edwyn Collins's studio. Við og við is Icelandic musician Ólöf Arnalds debut album, roughly translating to ""Now and Then"". It was released in 2006&#160;(2006) by the 12 Tónar label. The album has been produced by Sigur Rós band Alas I Cannot Swim is the debut album of British singer-songwriter Laura Marling. It was initially released on 4 February 2008 as part of The Song Box package. In addition to the album itself, this included ""V"" Is for Vagina is the debut studio album by Maynard James Keenan's side project Puscifer, released on October 30, 2007&#160;(2007-10-30). The album features a significantly different, electronic sound Who Is, This Is? is the Voodoo Glow Skulls first full-length album released on Dr. Strange Records on January 11, 1994 Its title is derived from a scene in Cheech &amp; Chong's Up In Smoke where Cheech Don't Turn Away is the first album by the band Face to Face. It was released in 1992 under the label Dr. Strange Records, and was considered a strong debut for the band. It was re-released a year later The Age of Consent is a synthpop album by Bronski Beat (Jimmy Somerville, Larry Steinbachek and Steve Bronski), released at the end of 1984 on London Records. The album was produced by Mike Thorne; the 's self-titled debut album, Journey, was released in 1975 on the Columbia Records label. Unlike their later recordings, the debut release is a progressive rock album in the jazz-fusion vein, which focuses Russian Lullabies, now out of print, is an album by Havalina Rail Co. released on Matt Wignall's own record label Jackson Rubio. The entire album is available in mp3 format for free download from the Facelift is the debut studio album by the Grunge/metal band Alice in Chains. The album was released on August 21, 1990. The album has been certified double-platinum by the RIAA for shipments of three Dangerously in Love is the debut solo album of American R&amp;B singer Beyoncé Knowles, released June 22, 2003 on Columbia Records. Recordings sessions for the album took place during 2002 to March 2003 Dr. Octagonecologyst is the debut solo album of American rapper Keith Thornton, and the first album he released under the alias Dr. Octagon. It was released May 6, 1996, on Bulk Recordings in the United Start Back at Start is the debut album from Halifax, released on 10 June 2003 on ECA Records. The album is currently out of print. The iTunes version lists track eleven as ""ONE More Night"". The CD is Rockpile was the first solo album by Dave Edmunds, released in 1972. It is principally focused on remakes of late 1950s and early 1960s hits, with a few new songs included. Edmunds plays almost all the Operation: Doomsday is the debut solo album by hip hop artist Daniel Dumile, under his MF DOOM alias, marking Dumile's return to the hip hop scene after KMD's demise. It was released as CD &amp; 2/LP Stands for Decibels is the acclaimed 1981 debut album by The dB's. It was initially commercially unsuccessful but has since become recognized as a crucial album in the power pop canon, alongside releases Waiting for the Day is the first album by Australian band Bachelor Girl, released in Australia through Gotham Records on November 9, 1998. The album charted in the top twenty on the Australian ARIA Albums Life's Too Good, released in April 1988, was the first album by the Icelandic alternative rock-pop band The Sugarcubes, which brought fame to lead vocalist Björk. Through the first single, ""Birthday"", Songs to Remember is the debut album by the British new wave pop group Scritti Politti. Released in 1982, the album peaked at no.12 in the UK. Singles taken from the album include ""The Sweetest Girl"" Prosto Ya Fanatka (I'm Just A Fan) is the debut album by the female Russian Duet duo, TEMA. It was released in 2005 and had little popularity in the United States. Live Fast, Die Fast: Wicked Tales of Booze, Birds and Bad Language is the debut album by heavy metal band, Wolfsbane. The album was released in 1989 and produced by famous producer Rick Rubin for his Interstellar Space was the one of the final studio albums recorded by the saxophonist John Coltrane before his death in 1967, originally-released posthumously by Impulse! Records on LP in 1974. The Loneliest Punk is Fatlip's debut solo album. The album was recorded on Delicious Vinyl records. The name is a play on ""Thelonious Monk"", the famous jazz pianist. Production of the album was handled Undertow is the debut full-length album by American progressive metal band Tool, released in 1993. At the time, grunge was at the height of its popularity, and pop punk was slowly beginning to gather Spook the Horse is the debut album of indie rock group Spook the Horse released on December 20, 2005. Spook the Horse was selected as one of four featured artists in the March 2007 issue of REV/ALT, an The Neon Handshake is the debut album by London band Hell is For Heroes. The CD was released in February 2003 on Chrysalis Recordshttp://www. bbc. co. uk/music/release/crbd/ Rock Sound Magazine awarded All Years Leaving is the debut album by English band The Stands, released in 2004. The album was produced by frontman Howie Payne and reached 28 in the UK album charts. 4 Singles were released from the Gates to Purgatory is the first album by Running Wild. It predates their piracy themes and mostly has satanically influenced lyrics but also features song with anarchic and libertarian (in the sense of We Are Little Barrie was the debut album from Little Barrie, released in 2005. They recorded the album over a series of 23 Wednesdays at producer Edwyn Collins’ West Heath Studios. Barrie said about the The Congotronics series is a collection of albums devoted to electrified traditional music from the Congo, curated and produced by Vincent Kenis for the Crammed Discs label. To date, the Congotronics Ledbetter Heights is the debut album by American blues solo artist Kenny Wayne Shepherd. He was a mere 17 years old during its release in October 1995. The album's name refers to a neighborhood in Shepherd's Orchestra of Wolves is the debut album by English Hardcore punk band Gallows. Produced by Banks of fellow Hertfordshire band Haunts, released by In at the Deep End Records on 25 September 2006. A limited Reggaeton Niños are a series of CDs for children made up of popular reggaeton songs. There are currently two CDs - Reggaeton Niños volume 1 &amp; Reggaeton Niños volume 2 (14 March 2007). The Same Old Blues is the debut album from UK rock group Proud Mary. The album was recorded at Wheeler End Studios in November, 2000 over a period of 7 days and released on Noel Gallagher's Sour Mash Dawn of Possession is the debut album by Immolation. Released in 1991, it was their first and last album released on Roadrunner Records. It is considered a classic to the death metal genre due to its Tailgate is the first studio album by the American country music group Trailer Choir. It was released on July 6, 2010 via Show Dog-Universal Music. The album includes the single ""Shakin' That Tailgate,"" The Plateau Phase was the first album released by post-punk band Crispy Ambulance. It was released in 1982 and was a departure to the sound of the earlier singles which was considered to be closer to LeToya is the debut studio album by American singer LeToya Luckett, released by Capitol Records on July 25, 2006 in the United States. The album spawned three singles: ""Torn"", ""She Don't"" and ""Obvious"". The Spirit Of Ukko is the debut full-length studio album by the Finnish heavy metal band Kiuas, released on May 4, 2005 by Spinefarm Records. ""Ukko"" in Finnish mythology is the greatest of the pagan gods Loaded Mental Cannon is the debut album by the heavy metal band Meldrum. Guest appearances on the album include Brian Robertson, Marcel Jacob and founder/guitarist Michelle Meldrum's husband John Noru Unorthodox Behaviour is the first album by jazz fusion group, Brand X. The duo of Phil Collins and Percy Jones would use several of these tracks as bases in their production of several Brian Eno discs, Script of the Bridge is the 1983 debut album by The Chameleons. The album was later released on limited edition picture disc by Statik Records in 1985. The Chameleons U.K. release in the US on MCA records Just a Rolling Stone is the debut album by pop/R&amp;B singer Donnie Klang, it was released on September 2, 2008 in the United States and Canada. The album debuted and peaked at number 19 on the Billboard Cluster is the eponymous first full-length album by German electronic music outfit Cluster. It is also the only album on which Conrad Plank is credited as a member. Cluster was recorded at Star-Studio Altar is a collaboration album between Japanese doom band Boris and American drone doom duo Sunn O)), released on October 31, 2006 through Southern Lord Records. A limited two-CD edition was released Hitchhike To Rhome is the first studio album by American country/rock band Old 97's, first released on November 1, 1994. The title comes from the song, ""Stoned"", and refers to Rhome, Texas. The lyrics Hitting the Ground is Violent Femmes member, Gordon Gano's first solo album. It was produced by Warren Bruleigh and released in 2002. Gano wrote the songs for a film of the same name. Each song was performed Bathory is the debut album of the Swedish band Bathory. It is considered one of the first recorded examples that defined the black metal style. Originally the title for this album was Pentagrammaton, Selena Remembered is a DVD/CD by Mexican-American Tejano singer Selena Quintanilla-Perez, released on April 1, 1997 on VHS and on January 25, 2005 on DVD. The DVD features Edward James Olmos narrating Calculating Infinity is the debut album by American mathcore band The Dillinger Escape Plan, released in September 1999 by Relapse Records. Calculating Infinity showcases the band's heavier and more technical Tear the World Down is the debut album by the gothic metal band We Are the Fallen. It was released in the United Kingdom on May 10, 2010 and the United States on May 11, 2010 under the Universal Republic Colours Are Brighter is a charity record which was released on Rough Trade Records on 16 October 2006, all proceeds going to Save the Children. The CD features 13 songs aimed at children, by some of the For the WWE pay-per-view of the same name, see In Your House 15: A Cold Day in Hell This article may not meet the notability guideline for music. Please help to establish notability by adding reliable, The Official Bootleg is a live album by Rudess/Morgenstein Project, made up of Jordan Rudess and Rod Morgenstein, released in 2001. The album is made up of tracks recorded during live shows taking place This Is the Shack is the first album from the G funk group The Dove Shack. The album peaked at #68 on Billboard 200 and #13 on Top R&amp;B/Hip-hop albums. Here Come the Tears is the debut album by The Tears, released on June 6, 2005 on Independiente Records. The album proved a comeback for Bernard Butler and Brett Anderson as the album was praised by critics Never or Now is the debut solo album by Lisa Scott-Lee. It was released in South Africa on 4 June 2007 and on 14 June as a digital download in the United Kingdom. The album was in production from 2003, Guitar Solos is the debut solo album of English guitarist, composer and improviser Fred Frith. It was recorded while Frith was still a member of the English experimental rock group Henry Cow (1968–1978) ""Healing Angel"" is the first (and thus far, only) recording released by Irish actress and Touched By An Angel star Roma Downey. It was issued in 1999 on RCA Records. The album features Downey reading A greatest hits album (sometimes referred to as a ""best of"" album) is a compilation album of successful, previously released songs by a particular music artist or band. To increase the appeal of the album Cha-licious is the debut album by female rap duo, Menajahtwa. The album was released on August 23, 1994 for Ruthless Records/Relativity Records and was produced by DJ Yella, DJ U-Neek, Rhythum D and Eazy-E. Lohan Holiday is the debut Christmas album released by American pop singer Ali Lohan, the younger sister of Lindsay Lohan. The album was released on October 10, 2006 in the United States. The album released No Hay Banda is Audrey Horne's debut album. It was released in 2005 on Tuba Records / DogJob. The album title ""No hay banda"" literally means ""There is no band"" in Spanish. The title is inspired by a line The Pentangle was the 1968 debut album of the band Pentangle: Terry Cox, Bert Jansch, Jacqui McShee, John Renbourn and Danny Thompson. It brought together their separate influences of folk, jazz, blues, Go to the Top is the debut album by Japanese singer-songwriter hitomi, released on September 27, 1995 by Avex Trax. The first press edition of the album came with the CD case housed inside a hardback Some Hearts is the debut album from country pop singer Carrie Underwood, released in the United States on November 15, 2005. It has been certified seven times platinum in the U.S. and three times platinum Pain of Mind is the debut studio album from the Californian band Neurosis. The album documents their early stages as a hardcore punk band in the vein of Discharge, Black Flag, Amebix, and Die Kreuzen. Private Radio is the debut album by American actor and singer/songwriter Billy Bob Thornton. His first foray into recorded music following a successful movie career up to the time of the album's release, The Sickness is the debut album by American heavy metal band Disturbed. The album was recorded in 1999 and released on March 7, 2000. The album peaked at number 29 on the Billboard 200 chart and it has Sons of Kyuss is a demo by the heavy metal group Sons of Kyuss. They released this eponymous recording in 1990 before changing their name to Kyuss later that year. The group's first album, Wretch, was Everything Is is the debut album by English alternative rock band Nine Black Alps. The album generally received favorable reviews among critics, and heralded acclaim from portions of the British music Acoustic Soul is the debut album by American soul/R&amp;B singer India. Arie, released in 2001. It was nominated for seven Grammy Awards in 2002, including ""Album of the Year"" and ""Best R&amp;B Album"" Hole Patrol is the debut album by American glam metal band Steel Panther. The album was first released in 2003 under the band name Metal Shop then subsequently reissued in 2005 under the band name Metal Bye Mamá is the debut album by Mexican iconic rock singer Alejandra Guzmán. It was released in 1988. The song, ""Bye Mamá"", is loosely based on Guzmán's childhood. It talks about the star life of her mother, Winter Story is a series of four compilation albums by the Korean musical group Shinhwa. They were released from 2003-2007 during the winter seasons (hence the title of the albums), with each album covering Eyes Adrift was a three piece rock supergroup consisting of Krist Novoselic (bass guitar, formerly of Nirvana), Curt Kirkwood (guitar and Lead vocals, of the Meat Puppets), and Bud Gaugh. They released Been a While is the debut solo album by Dawn Richard of the group Danity Kane. The album was released on September 30, 2005. This album was made before Richard was a member of Danity Kane. Get Fired Up is the debut album of Murk as Funky Green Dogs, released on Twisted Records (U.S. )/MCA Records, catalog number TWD-11511. The production of the songs on the album don't stray too far from A remix album is an album consisting mostly of remixes or re-recorded versions of a music artists' earlier released material. Sly &amp; The Family Stone's 1979 release 10 Years Too Soon featured disco Bedrock Vice is the debut album by English band Thrashing Doves. It was released in 1987 on LP and CD by A&amp;M Records and has so far not been reissued yet. Surfer Rosa is the first full-length album by the American alternative rock band Pixies, released in March 1988 on the British independent record label 4AD. The album's unusual and offbeat subject matter Climbing!, also known as Mountain Climbing!, is the official debut studio album by American blues-rock band Mountain. Released on March 7, 1970, the album featured the 'classic' Mountain lineup of Leslie Främling is an album from Swedish pop singer Carola Häggkvist, released on March 26, 1983. It was her debut album. On the album charts, the albums peaked at number 1 in Sweden and number 2 in Norway. The Cold Vein is the debut album by American hip hop duo Cannibal Ox. It was produced by El-P and released on his Definitive Jux label on May 15, 2001. Beach Cruiser is the upcoming debut album from West Coast rapper Glasses Malone. Originally to have been released in 2006, the album will be released on Glasses Malone's record label Blu Division Music, Gorgeous Mess is the first album by the Pennsylvania rock band Katsu. It was released in the United States in August 2002. Gorgeous Mess was recorded over a six month time period from 2001-2002 at Saturation Be Not Nobody is the debut album by American singer-songwriter Vanessa Carlton, released in 2002. ""A Thousand Miles"" was the first single from the album. It reached the top five on the U.S. Billboard Guitar Beat is the debut album by neo-surf combo the Raybeats. It was produced by Martin Rushent. The album features ten original instrumentals, plus a Jan and Dean cover. In tongue-in-cheek fashion, Brick Factory was the only album released by the indiepop band Crayon. It was recorded by Pat Maley at YoYo Studios in Olympia, Washington. The album was released in 1994 on Harriet Records out of Cambridge, Young Heart is the 2005 debut album by English singer Kerry Norton. It is an album of jazz and soul covers. The first single, ""Everlasting Love"", was released to Dutch radio in summer 2005, to some success Brown &amp; Proud is the debut album by Latin rap group, A Lighter Shade of Brown. It was release in 1990 for Pump Records and was produced by Jammin' James Carter, Fabe Love, DJ Romeo, and Tony G. The Mass Romantic is the debut album by Canadian indie rock band The New Pornographers. Produced by David Carswell and band bassist John Collins, it was released on Mint Records in 2000. The album was three 曖昧 (Ai Mei), also known as My Intuition, is the debut album of Taiwanese singer Rainie Yang (楊丞琳). The album is also called ""Ambiguous"" among some people, which is a loose literal translation of the Chinese Glass Floor was the debut full length album by the indie pop group, Maritime. It was the follow up to Adios EP, which contained five tracks. The songs on this album range from acoustic ballads (""Lights"") Live in Praha is a live concert video from Radiohead's concert at Výstaviště Holešovice, Prague, Czech Republic on 23 August 2009. The video from this show was filmed by the audience and was then carefully Sumerian Cry is the debut album from the Swedish then-death metal band Tiamat. The album was recorded at Sunlight Studio, Stockholm, Sweden, in 1989, when the band was known under the original name Treblinka. No Said Date is the solo debut album by Wu-Tang Clan member Masta Killa, an American hip hop musician. With dark and dramatic beats and samples from martial arts films (most notably, the song ""Masta Killa"" Big Sexy Land is a studio album by Revolting Cocks released in 1986. Big Sexy Land is the band's first major release. At that time Revolting Cocks were Luc Van Acker, Richard 23 and Alain Jourgensen. Samuel Prody was a UK psychedelic progressive rock band that only recorded one album called Samuel Prody in 1970. Founded by Tony Savva in 1969 in London, England they were only around for 3 years or Refuge Denied is the debut album by the band Sanctuary, who disbanded in 1991 (partially reforming as Nevermore). This was the only album to feature extremely high pitched, layered vocals from vocalist YoYoYoYoYo is the debut album by the Philadelphia hip-hop group, Spank Rock. The album was released on April 18, 2006 through Big Dada. The song ""Backyard Betty"" is also featured on the game Madden 07 The Best Part is the debut album by underground rapper, J-Live. It was recorded from 1995 to 1999 and featured production by Prince Paul, DJ Premier, and Pete Rock. Due to problems with his record label, Ghetto Story is the major label debut album by Jamaican dancehall artist Cham, released on August 15, 2006. He used to be known as Baby Cham. Ghetto Story's title track caused internet rumours claiming The Ditch Trilogy refers to a trio of rock music albums by Neil Young made in the wake of his chart-topping best-seller, Harvest. The moniker derives from a quote by Young, printed in the self-penned This EP is a collaboration between The Olivia Tremor Control and Black Swan Network. Within some of these tracks are extracts from The Black Swan Network's dream appeal - taped contributions from people Ink Complete is progressive instrumental band Spastic Ink's debut album, released in 1997 via Germany's Dream Circle label and re-issued in 2000 on EclecticElectric, with 25 minutes of 'work tapes' added Girls' Dorm (女生宿舍) is S.H. E's first album. It was released on September 11, 2001. It helped S.H. E to be nominated in the Taiwan Golden Melody Award for the Best New Artist award. Girls Dorm was the The Realness is the debut album from Queensbridge rapper Cormega. Cormega rose to fame in the mid-90s as an original member of The Firm crew, along with Nas, AZ and Foxy Brown, appearing on the song ""Affirmative The Lumpy Money Project/Object is a box set by Frank Zappa. The set commemorates the 40th anniversary of both Zappa's first solo album, Lumpy Gravy (originally planned to be released in late 1967, but Billo De Ghar is début album of Pakistani pop singer Abrar-ul-Haq. It was written, composed and sung by the artist himself and became a best selling album in South Asia at the time of its release in 1995. All I Can Be is the debut album of American country music artist Collin Raye. It features the hit singles ""All I Can Be (Is a Sweet Memory)"", ""Love, Me"" (Raye's first Number One on the Billboard country Love of Will is the debut album by David McComb, released in March, 1994. The album was recorded and mixed between June and August, 1993, at Platinum Studios with additional mixing at Metropolis and Sing Aroona Palace is the debut album by Melbourne band Tinpan Orange. It was recorded at Sing Sing Studios and Aroona Palace, and was self released in 2005. It was rereleased on 9 April 2009 due to popular Joy of a Toy is the debut solo album of Kevin Ayers, a founding member of Soft Machine. Its whimsical and unique vision is a clear indication of how Soft Machine might have progressed under Ayers' tenure. Show No Mercy is the debut album by American thrash metal band Slayer, released in December 1983 through Metal Blade Records. Brian Slagel signed the band to Metal Blade after watching the band perform Soul-Crusher is the debut album of noise rock band White Zombie. It was released in November 1987 on LP under White Zombie's own label ""Silent Explosion"". In 1988, the album was adopted and re-edited An EP (short for extended play) is a musical recording which contains more music than a single, but is too short to qualify as a full album or LP. The term EP originally referred only to specific types Läther (pronounced ""Leather"") is an album by Frank Zappa. Produced by Zappa in 1977, the recordings contained in Läther were made between 1972 and 1976. The majority of the tracks were first issued on 30 Years Live is a live album from the band Bad Religion, which was released on May 18, 2010, therein documenting the band's 30th anniversary tour (however, the band had actually started 31 years earlier). Prva plovidba (trans. The First Sail) is the debut studio album from Serbian and former Yugoslav rock band Galija. Predrag Milosavljević, brother of the band frontman Nenad Milosavljević, appeared on The 18th Day is an album by hip hop singer Estelle. The first edition was released on 18 October 2004 and the second edition on 4 April 2005. It Includes the singles ""1980"",""Free"" and ""Go Gone."" Begins Here is the debut full-length album by Brisbane rock band The Butterfly Effect. Begins Here reached number 23 on the Australian ARIA Album Charts, the bands first entry to the top 100, as their Fixed At Zero is the debut studio album by American alternative rock band VersaEmerge, released through Fueled by Ramen on June 22, 2010. The album was made available for pre-order on iTunes and the Fueled The Fallout is the debut album by Canadian post-grunge/alternative rock band Default. Chad Kroeger, the frontman of Nickelback, contributed to the album's production and co-wrote six of its songs including Mystery Disc is a compilation album by Frank Zappa. It was released on CD in 1998, compiling tracks that were originally released on two separate vinyl records and included in the mail order Old Masters Hood Anthems is the debut solo album by Sean P. This album features the likes of Trae, Lloyd and Goodie Mob's Khujo Goodie. It contains a bonus disc featuring songs by other Ball or Fall Records artists Rising Force is a Yngwie J. Malmsteen project as well as his debut solo album released in 1984. It is also the title of a song on Malmsteen's album Odyssey. Rising Force is credited as the beginning of Man Like Me is the debut album by American country music artist Bobby Pinson. It was released in 2005 by RCA Nashville and peaked at #23 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart. The album includes the Ramshackled is the debut (and thus far, only) solo recording by Alan White, drummer for British progressive rock band Yes. It was released in 1976 on Atlantic Records, during a period when all five of Cluster &amp; Eno is a collaborative album by the German electronic music group Cluster and British ambient musician Brian Eno. The style of this album is a collection of gentle melodies: a mixture of Fresh Water is the debut album by Australian rock and blues singer Alison McCallum, released in 1972. Rare for an Australian artist at the time, it came in a gatefold sleeve. It was re-issued in 1974 Safe at Home was the 1968 album by The International Submarine Band, led by the 21-year-old Gram Parsons. Featuring four of Parsons' originals surrounded by six covers of classic country and rock and Good Luck Boy is Raffi's first LP album for his Troubadour label, released in 1975. This is one of two records Raffi made with adult listeners in mind (the second being Adult Entertainment). Six of the Occult Hymn is a follow-up EP to Danger Doom's debut album The Mouse &amp; The Mask. It contains seven tracks and was released as a free download at Adult Swim's website on May 30 2006. Its name is a Total Brutal is the debut full length album by Austrian Death Machine, a project of As I Lay Dying's vocalist; Tim Lambesis. The band and record are based upon Arnold Schwarzenegger and his movies. Tim Skylarkin' is Mic Christopher's first and only solo album, which was released posthumously following his death in November 2001. The album was finalised by Karl Odlum (of Mic's old band, The Mary Janes) Hello Afrika is a 1990 album from Swedish-based Nigerian artist Dr. Alban. it was his debut album, and produced by Denniz Pop and released on the label SweMix Records. The album was also released in a 04092001 is a collaborative live album between Merzbow and Japanese experimental doom band Boris, released on Inoxia Records in 2004. It was recorded on 9 April 2001 at Milk Tokyo. It is limited to 500 Den i Nok is the debut album of the Macedonian pop musician Elena Risteska. Following the release of the album in 2003, Risteska garnered popularity in several Balkan countries. The album, although only Inhumanity is the debut album of Finnish melodic death metal band Mors Principium Est. It was first released in 2003 and later reissued in 2006 with new artwork and three bonus tracks. S.U.S.A.R. is the first full-length album by the band Indukti. Title abbreviation comes from medicine and means Suspected Unexpected Serious Adverse Reaction The album is partly inspired by the famed 2000 Fold is Styles of Beyond's debut album, released on Bilawn Records in 1997 (then re-released in 1999 on SpyTech Records). This album was only released in an ""edited version"", whereas Megadef was 21 &amp; Over is the debut album by West Coast hip hop group, Tha Alkaholiks. It is a highly praised, and has been described as ""the quintessential West Coast party album. "" Its ten tracks time in at 219 Days is the debut album of Canadian Idol winner Kalan Porter. The album was released on November 23, 2004 through Sony Music Canada. The album title refers to the number of days from his first audition Sandie is the first album or L.P. by 1960s British singer Sandie Shaw. Released in February 1965 on the Pye label, it was her only original album to enter the UK chart (most of Shaw's success was through Mr. Hood (1991) is the first album by KMD, Daniel Dumile's first group. It was a precursor to Black Bastards (1993). The album featured samples from language-learning tapes, cut together to create the Audiopeach is the debut album from Peach Union and was released in 1998. The album was the only one released by the group (who were named simply Peach in the UK) and contained the singles ""On My Own"", Our Noise is an album by Herrmann &amp; Kleine band. It was their first and the last album, since the duo is now disbanded. The album was recorded on the Morr Music label. 3 Words is the debut studio album from British pop singer Cheryl Cole released on 23 October 2009 by Fascination Records. The project is Cole's first solo release following a break from releasing material CexCells (pronounced ""Sex Cells"" or ""Sex Sells"") is the debut album by American electronica band Blaqk Audio, side project of Davey Havok and Jade Puget of AFI. The album was initially set for an August Opendisc is an Enhanced Music CD application for enabling multimedia content when a disc is played on a personal computer. Opendisc asserts that its technology conforms to the Blue Book specification A.T.O. M (A Twist Of Modern) is a downloadable album by Carbon/Silicon, a group consisting of Mick Jones from The Clash and Tony James from Generation X and Sigue Sigue Sputnik. It was officially released Kay One is the debut album by Kay Tse, released on May 6, 2005. On December 23, 2005, Kay One Plus was released as a re-release version of Kay One. Kay OneAlbum by Kay TseReleased May 6, 2005Recorded iMegaphone is the first album recorded by then-20 year old British singer-songwriter, Imogen Heap. It was released in 1998, and features the singles, ""Getting Scared,"" ""Shine,"" ""Come Here Boy"" and ""Oh 50minutes is a 2006 charity album, consisting of indie, folk, electronica, and alternative artists from across the world, with all proceeds going to the Medical Foundation. The concept of the album is Quiet Exit is the 2006 debut album of Norwegian singer-songwriter Elvira Nikolaisen. The album contains twelve songs written by Nikolaisen. The album sold over fifty thousand copies in 2006, making it Believo! is the debut album by indie rock band Enon. It was released on March 14, 2000 on See Thru Broadcasting, on the CD and 12-inch LP formats. The second pressing of the vinyl edition also included Bel Assis is Mo Foster's first album. All tracks were produced by Mo, engineered and mixed by Simon Smart. Bel Assis was originally released on Pete Van Hooke's fledgling MMC label in 1988 and was subsequently Dark Metal is the first full length studio album by the German band Bethlehem. It was re-released in 1999 by Solid Recs. /Selbstmord Services on LP format, after being re-released on MC format on Morbid Sorrowburn is the debut album of the Finnish gothic metal band Charon. The style of the album is markedly different from most of Charon's music - the tentative foray into death metal territory evident Empty Sky is the debut album of British singer/songwriter Elton John, released on June 3, 1969. It was finally released in the United States in January 1975, with a different cover photograph, well after UFO 1 is the debut album by British rock band UFO. The album was reissued under the name ""Unidentified Flying Object"" with 4 of the 5 tracks from the band's second album. This reissue incorrectly shows Poetica is a 2005 (and the first) album by the New York City based house music act iiO. The album was delayed a couple of times, and released in March 2005, and June 2006 worldwide. It includes six singles, Telephono is the first album from Austin, Texas indie rock band Spoon. It was released on April 23, 1996 by Matador, then re-released in a two-disc package with the Soft Effects EP in 2006 by Merge Records. 2 Hype is the debut album by rap duo, Kid 'n Play. The album was released in 1988 for Select Records and was produced by Hurby Luv Bug and The Invincibles. 2 Hype was a success for the duo, reaching #96 l'Autre is the debut album of Et Sans, an experimental Canadian group. It was released in November 2001 by Locust Music. The entire album consists of one song, approximately 42 minutes and 17 seconds Doo-Bop was jazz innovator Miles Davis' final studio album, which would have marked the beginning of the artist's turn to hip-hop-oriented tracks. However, Davis died on September 28, 1991, before the Saken 1996 was Diana Haddad's first solo album . In 1996, and after three years of hard work, Diana Haddad released her debut album, ""Saken"". The album instantly became a major hit all over the Arab World. Fish Tales/Swarthy Songs for Swabs is a CD compilation album by New Zealand band The 3D's released in 1991. It features tracks from their vinyl EP's, Fish Tales and Swarthy Songs for Swabs as well as Inception is the debut album by jazz pianist McCoy Tyner which was released on the Impulse! label in 1962. It features performances by Tyner with Art Davis and Elvin Jones. The Allmusic review by Alexander Off The Hook is the second studio album by American R&amp;B singer group Xscape, released by So So Def Recording on July 18, 1995 in North America. The album was production by Jermaine Dupri features The Romance Of Helen Trent is the only studio album from the post-hardcore band The Killing Tree. It was released on One Day Savior records on June 25, 2002. Recorded by Matt Allison at Atlas Studios, Piece of Mind is the debut album by American rapper, Tela. It was released on November 5, 1996 through Suave House Records with production by Tela, Slice Tee, Jazze Pha and T-Mix. The album peaked at The Impressions is the debut album by the American soul music group of the same name. It produced no less than 6 chart hit singles,including their biggest-ever hit, the Billboard Top 10 Pop smash ""It's Selected Ambient Works 85–92 (often abbreviated to SAW 85–92 or simply SAW 1 because James' follow up included a volume number) is an ambient dance album by Richard D. James under his pseudonym of Aphex The Incredible Shrinking Dickies was the 1979 first album by the California punk band The Dickies. The album included the group's notable cover of Black Sabbath's ""Paranoid"", which reached No. 45 in the The Idan Raichel Project is the self-titled debut album by Idan Raichel. Raichel composed and arranged many of the tracks, performs vocals and plays the keyboard, while collaborating with other vocalists Unrest is the debut solo album from Kings of Convenience and The Whitest Boy Alive singer, Erlend Øye, released in 2003 on the Astralwerks label. Each track on the album was recorded in a different city, Closer is the second and final album by post-punk band Joy Division, released July 18, 1980&#160;(1980-07-18), two months following the suicide of lead singer Ian Curtis. The album was originally scheduled Sugar Daddy (ft. Mya) Scandalous (ft. Don Omar) Letter To Pun (ft. One Solo) These were the only three singles released off the album with videos shot for them. ""Scandalous"" peaked at number 45 on the Only Our Death Is Welcome... is the debut album by the band Krabathor. It was originally released in 1992. It has been re-issued as a double CD with Cool Mortification. Knock On Wood is the debut album of soul singer/song-writer Eddie Floyd, released in 1967 on Stax Records. The album was recorded between July and December of 1966 at Stax Recording Studio. It features The Way It Is is Bruce Hornsby and the Range's debut album, released in 1986. Led by its hit title track, the album went on to achieve multi-platinum status and helped the group to win the Grammy Award Yesterday &amp; Today is the self-titled debut studio album by American hard rock/heavy metal Y&amp;T, released in 1976 through London Records. The album was brought back into print in 2009 when it was Release is David Knopfler's first solo album after leaving Dire Straits. It was released in 1983 on the Peach River and Passport labels, and in 1997 on the Paris label. What About Me is the debut studio album by Anne Murray issued in 1968 on Arc Records. Upon its release, the album was only issued in Canada (it would later be issued in the U.S. , following Murray's 1970s She Wants Revenge is the debut studio album by She Wants Revenge. Mixed by Michael Patterson, it was released January 31, 2006 by Perfect Kiss, a subsidiary of Geffen Records. The back of the album cover Egy Sima, Egy Fordított is the debut album from original Megasztár runner-up Ibolya Oláh. The album has gone platinum in Hungary. It is awarded after 20.000 sold pieces in Hungary (of a total population Nashvile Rebel is a box set by Waylon Jennings, released on RCA Records through Legacy Recordings in 2006. According to Allmusic's Stephen Thomas Erlewine, it is ""the first comprehensive, multi-label The Forester Sisters is the debut album from the American country music group The Forester Sisters. It was released in 1985 on Warner Bros. Records. The lead-off single, ""(That's What You Do) When You're Faith is the first studio album by the gothic metal band Eyes of Eden. It was released on August 20, 2007 in Europe and on November 6, 2007 in North America. Everybody Knows is the debut album by UK singer Sonia. Released in 1990, the album was predominantly written and produced by the Stock Aitken Waterman team. Included on the album was the No.1 hit ""You'll Portfolio is the debut album by Grace Jones. It was released in 1977 and the first of three albums made with the legendary disco record producer Tom Moulton. It also includes three singles previously Live EP (Live at Fashion Rocks) is a live EP, recorded in 2005 by Arcade Fire &amp; David Bowie. They performed together on September 8th at Fashion Rocks 2005 in New York. Michael Bolotin is the first studio album by American recording artist Michael Bolton, who recorded the album under his given name. The self-titled debut was released by RCA Records in 1975. Nico's Last Concert: Fata Morgana is a live album documenting Nico's performance at a show called Fata Morgana - Wüstenklänge im Planetarium (Fata Morgana - Desert Sounds in the Planetarium), held on Lost Souls is the debut album by Boston-based American/Scottish/Irish folk/roots rock band The Raindogs, released in 1990 on the Atco label. Entirely written by lead singer Mark Cutler and featuring the Woman is the first solo album by British musician Mike McGear (spelled Michael on the cover), brother of ex-Beatle Paul McCartney, who also co-wrote a song, but is credited as a ""friend"". Roger McGough Embrace is the debut album by the Australian band Endorphin, released in early 1998. Shortly after its release, Endorphin was chosen to support Portishead on their April 1998 tour, and then Massive Attack Sakis Rouvas is the self-titled debut album by popular Greek pop-rock musician Sakis Rouvas, released in October 1991 by PolyGram Records in Greece and Cyprus. The entire album was produced by the successful Balance is the debut album by Canadian rap group Swollen Members. It was released on the Battleaxe Records label. It has sold more than 50,000 copies since its release. Guest stars include Del tha Funkee tej leo(?), Rx / pharmacists is the debut album by the Washington, D.C. rock band Ted Leo and the Pharmacists, released in 1999 by Gern Blandsten Records. Though considered the band's first album, it Hound Dog Taylor and the HouseRockers is the 1971 debut album of Theodore Roosevelt ""Hound Dog"" Taylor. Cub Coda of Allmusic describes it as ""wild, raucous, crazy music straight out of the South Side See You in Hell is the debut album released by the British heavy metal band Grim Reaper in 1984 under the RCA label. The album cover was designed by Garry Sharpe-Young. Supernaturalistic is the debut album by Sander van Doorn. It was released in March 2008. The first single from the album, ""The Bass"" is set to be released on February 18th. Man on the Moon: The End of Day is the debut album of American rapper Kid Cudi, released September 15, 2009, on GOOD Music. A concept album, it follows the release of his first mixtape A Kid Named Cudi Let’s All Sing With the Chipmunks is the debut album of Alvin and the Chipmunks. It is an interactive children's novelty album. The songs on the record are a mixture between cover versions of children's Lovely is the first album by singer Jocelyn Enriquez. It was released in 1994 on Classified Records. Lovely includes the hit singles ""I've Been Thinking About You"" (#80 on the Billboard Hot 100), ""Make Grand Unification is the debut studio album by British alternative rock band Fightstar, released on March 13, 2006 through Island Records. Based upon the Neon Genesis Evangelion franchise, Grand Unification All the Stars and Boulevards is the debut album of Augustana, a Californian piano rock band. The album was released on September 6, 2005 by Epic Records. The album's release went largely unnoticed at Do or Die was the first album released by Boston's Irish-American punk band, Dropkick Murphys. It was released in 1998. A music video for the single ""Barroom Hero"" was released. This is the only album ""The Sunmachine And The Ocean"" is the first official release from Scottish post-hardcore band The Ocean Fracture, and was produced by Ben Phillips at City Of Dis studios in Gillingham, Kent. It was released Rufus Wainwright is the self-titled debut album of Canadian-American singer-songwriter Rufus Wainwright, released in the United States on May 19, 1998 through DreamWorks Records. The album was produced Keith Urban is the first studio album by Australian country music singer Keith Urban. It was released only in Australia in 1991. It was later released worldwide in 2005 by EMI Music. Urban later recorded The Chronicles of a Bohemian Teenager is the debut album by Get Cape. Wear Cape. Fly, aka singer-songwriter Sam Duckworth. Recorded mostly in his bedroom studio in Essex, it was released on 18 September The B-52 Band &amp; the Fabulous Skylarks is an album by T-Bone Burnett, released in 1972 as J. Henry Burnett. It would be eight years before he released his first solo album as T-Bone Burnett. Burnett The Bottom Line Encore Collection is the fourth live album by Harry Chapin, released in 1998 as a two-CD compilation. It was recorded at the Village in New York, and was Harry's two-thousandth concert. Love Outside Andromeda is the debut, self-titled album by Melburnian guitar pop/rock band Love Outside Andromeda. It was released in 2004. The album consist of twelve tracks, and experiments with a wide Heart Full Of Soul is the debut solo album from Blue band-member, Antony Costa. The album was released on July 3, 2006, but failed to chart in the UK and Ireland. The album was later released in Japan, Are You Thinking What I'm Thinking? is the debut album by rock band The Like, released by Geffen in 2005 in the United States and 2006 in selected international markets including the United Kingdom. It Friday Night in San Francisco is a 1981 live album by Al Di Meola, John McLaughlin and Paco de Lucía. It was recorded at the Warfield Theatre on 5 December 1980, in San Francisco. Falling off the Lavender Bridge is the debut album by British artist Lightspeed Champion, which was released on January 21, 2008 . The album features the singles ""Galaxy of the Lost"", ""Midnight Surprise"" Glitter was an album released in 1972 by British glam rock singer Gary Glitter, produced by Bell Records. Two tracks, ""I Didn't Know I Loved You ('Til I Saw You Rock 'n' Roll)"" and ""Rock And Roll"", the On the Way Down from the Moon Palace is the debut solo album by Lisa Germano. It was originally released in 1991 on Germano's own label, Major Bill Records. In 1992, after she signed with Capitol Records, In the Rectory of the Bizarre Reverend is the debut album by Finnish doom metal band Reverend Bizarre. It was originally released in 2002. It was rereleased with a bonus CD titled Return to the Rectory The Electric Underwater Church Movement is the title of the debut release of Hip Hop music producer/rapper Quazedelic, released on March 15, 2007 through 3rd Door Records. This album was recorded in Las One Light Year at Snail Speed is the debut album of the Pakistani electronic music duo from Peshawar, Sajid &amp; Zeeshan. The album was released in Pakistan on December 1, 2006. ""Freestyle Dive"", ""Have Jonas Sees in Color is the debut album by American rock band Jonas Sees in Color, released on September 29, 2009 by Glassnote Records. It was produced by Aaron Johnson at Candyland Studios in Denver, Let the Music Do the Talking is the first of four albums by The Joe Perry Project. It was also the most successful, selling approximately 250,000 copies in the United States. Limited Editions 1990-94 is the first album release by German electronic musician Alec Empire. Released in 1994 on Mille Plateaux, it is a compilation of tracks previously issued on vinyl by that sublabel's Love Songs is a compilation album by the American R&amp;B and soul singer-songwriter, and record producer Luther Vandross. It was issued in 2009 and includes most of his love songs. The album includes Radio is the debut album of American rapper LL Cool J, released November 18, 1985 on Def Jam Recordings in the United States. It serves as the label's first full-length album release. Recording sessions Laura Pausini is the debut album album of Italian singer Laura Pausini’s. The album was released by CGD Records in 1993. Laura Pausini's hit single La solitudine was released from the album. Far from the Maddening Crowds is the debut studio album by British electronic dance music act Chicane, released in 1997. It is highly regarded as a seminal release in the trance community, and is highly Ken Burns Jazz: John Coltrane is a compilation album by jazz musician John Coltrane. It is part of a series of tie-in compilations from various labels to the PBS miniseries Ken Burns Jazz. 667.. The Neighbour of the Beast is the debut album by the modern glam metal group Wig Wam. Released in Norway on March 8, 2004 the album would establish Wig Wam as one of Norway's biggest rock acts, Download to Donate for Haiti is a compilation album by Music for Relief, a non-profit organization established by Linkin Park in 2005 to help victims of natural disasters to help them recover from such Nowy wspaniały świat - the first studio album by 2 plus 1, released in 1972. Its title translates Brave New World or, more literally, New Wonderful World. It turned out to be a commercial success, as Guns Don't Kill People... Lazers Do is the debut full-length album by Major Lazer, collaborative music project from DJ/Producers Diplo and Switch. The album is heavily influenced by Jamaican dancehall Growing Flowers By Candlelight is the debut album by Ainslie Henderson, released independently in July 2006. Written by Henderson and Hobotalk frontman Marc Pilley, it features original artwork by brothers Ricochet is the self-titled debut album of the American country music band Ricochet. Released in 1996 on Columbia Records Nashville, it produced four hit singles on the Billboard Hot Country Singles &amp; Songs for Tibet: The Art of Peace is a music album with contributions from number of musicians from throughout the world, including the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada and South Africa. The Surrender is the first album by R&amp;B group, Kut Klose. It was released on March 14, 1995 through Elektra Records and was mostly produced by the group's mentor, Keith Sweat. The album was met with mild We Have Arrived is the debut studio album by thrash metal band, Dark Angel, released in 1985. In 1986 it was re-released by the French recording label Axe Killer in a 2,000 number limited edition. It Nightmare of You is the debut album of indie rock band Nightmare of You. It was self-released on September 13, 2005. The song ""Dear Scene, I Wish I Were Deaf"" was included on the soundtrack of FIFA 07 Live at the BBC is a 1994 compilation album featuring performances by The Beatles that were originally broadcast on various BBC Light Programme radio shows from 1963 through 1965. The monaural album, Back in the Shootin' Match is the first album released by Ace Troubleshooter. As with their second album, this album is currently out of print, but some of the tracks can be found through the AceTroubleshooter. , also known as The Story of Town Where Cherry Blossoms Bloom, is the debut album of Japanese pop music trio Ikimono-gakari. It was released in Japan on March 7, 2007 under the label Epic. The album peaked Bound, Gagged And Blindfolded is the debut Full-Length album by American groove metal band Skinlab. The album was recorded at Hyde Street Studios in San Francisco, CA and was produced by Andy Sneap. The Life After Death is the debut album of Natas, released in 1992. Allmusic reviewer Jason Birchmeier wrote that ""The trio's attempt to be as hardcore as possible pushes their efforts from shocking to clichéd The World as Best as I Remember It is a two-volume album series by songwriter Rich Mullins. The first volume was released in 1991 on Reunion Records and the second was released the following year. The The 1st Chapter is the debut album by the Norwegian progressive metal band, Circus Maximus. The 1st Chapter was released on June 7, 2005 in the United States and on May 14, 2005 in Norway. The on-going Inspiration is the debut album of William Hung recorded following the early 2004 broadcast of his failed American Idol audition where Hung received notoriety and a cult following. The album was recorded Mad at the World is the first album from Christian rock band Mad at the World. It was significant for being one of the few Christian music albums to feature a synthpop sound. Do It Yourself is the only album by the Seahorses, a short-lived English alternative rock band that John Squire, formerly guitarist in the Stone Roses formed. The album's cover features a photograph of Hope for Haiti Now is a live album by various artists to benefit Hope for Haiti Now's campaign to alleviate the 2010 Haiti earthquake. All benefits from the album sales go to Haiti relief organizations, Just Like You is the debut album from American Idol's eighth season contestant Allison Iraheta. It was released on December 1, 2009. The lead single, ""Friday I'll Be Over U"", produced by Max Martin, debuted Balance is the debut album of the Dutch singer Kim-Lian. It was released on May 25, 2004 in the Netherlands. Kim-Lian said the album to be ""a fun pop/rock album"". The album spawned four top 20 singles, The Fourth World (1997) is an album released by the Los Angeles band Kara's Flowers. The album contains 11 tracks plus one bonus track on the Japanese edition. The band signed with Reprise Records and So This is Great Britain? is the debut album from The Holloways, released October 30, 2006 on the back of the band's first two singles, ""Two Left Feet"" and ""Generator"", which appear on the album. They Imagine: John Lennon is a soundtrack album of popular music composed by John Lennon for the 1988 documentary film, Imagine: John Lennon. Originally released that year as a double album, it now remains Dark Night of the Soul is an album written by Danger Mouse and Sparklehorse. It features a wide range of singers. Singers featured on the album include James Mercer of The Shins,Wayne Coyne of The Flaming The following is a discography of posthumous releases by American musician Jimi Hendrix. After his death on September 18, 1970, work began immediately to compile new material for release. Hendrix left Science Fiction is an unauthorized live album release of Alice Cooper. Originally released in the UK in 1988 as Ladies Man, this version was released throughout Europe and Australia in 1991 and re-issued Out of Nowhere is the debut album of jazz guitarist Harold Fethe, who performs on this outing in the style of Django Reinhardt. Accompanying him is the legendary Johnny Frigo on violin, who like Fethe Don't Quit Your Day Job! is the debut album by rapper Consequence, released on March 6, 2007. It features ""Grammy Family"", a song by DJ Khaled featuring Consequence, John Legend and Kanye West which originally Spirit of the West is a 1984 album by Spirit of the West. It was their first album, and was released independently. The album is no longer in print, although portions of it were rereleased on the 1989 Acoustic is a compilation album of John Lennon demos, studio and live performances that feature his acoustic guitar work and was released in 2004. Its release was criticised by critics and fans, as nine Bluestars is the debut album by Pretty Ricky, released in 2005. It debuted and peaked at number 16 on the Billboard 200 album chart. The album also spawned three singles: ""Grind with Me"", ""Your Body"" Rose Colored Glasses is the debut album by country music artist John Conlee. It was released on ABC Records, and was his only disc for the label; he would move to MCA Records the next year. The album Johnny Gill is the debut album of the R&amp;B singer Johnny Gill. Mike Joyce of the Washington Post wrote ""Gill's recording of 'Superlove' has just broken through the Top 40 barrier on Billboard's Black Redemption is the debut solo album by Chris Volz, released on September 11, 2007. The album's first single is the title track ""Redemption"". The album sold approximately 700 copies in its first week of Head is the first full album by The Jesus Lizard. It was released on Touch &amp; Go Records in 1990. It is their first release to feature a drummer, Mac McNeilly. ""Killer McHann"" was played live very Put Strength in the Final Blow is the debut album of the American punk rock band, U.S. Bombs. It is a collection of songs written just after the band formed in 1993, but it was re-released in September The Clash played a series of 17 concerts at Bond's International Casino in New York City in May and June 1981 in support of their album Sandinista!. Due to their wide publicity, the concerts became an The Wichita Train Whistle Sings was the first solo album by Michael Nesmith and was recorded while he was still a member of the Monkees. It peaked at No. 144 on the Billboard Pop Albums charts. The album ... And Don't Forget to Breathe is the debut album by the Post-hardcore band A Static Lullaby. On the original release the title was misspelled as '... And Don't Forget to Breath'. This was corrected Time and Love: The Essential Masters is the third retrospective album of New York singer-songwriter Laura Nyro's work to be released, and the first since her death in April 1997. The album, released on Was (Not Was) is the début album by art-funk ensemble Was (Not Was); it was released in 1981. The album was re-released with additional material in 2004 under the name Out Come the Freaks. Flynnville Train is the debut album of American country music band Flynnville Train. The album was released by Show Dog Nashville on September 11, 2007 and it includes two chart singles: ""Last Good Time"" Johnny Cash with His Hot and Blue Guitar is the debut album of country singer Johnny Cash, released on October 11, 1957. The album contained four of his hit singles: ""I Walk the Line,"" ""Cry! Cry! Cry!,"" Happiness is the debut studio album by English synthpop duo Hurts, released in the United Kingdom on 6 September 2010. It was preceded by the release of the singles ""Better Than Love"" on 23 May 2010 and Home is the debut solo album of Terry Hall. It was released over fifteen years after Hall entered the music industry. The album was produced by Ian Broudie of the The Lightning Seeds, whom Hall had collaborated Fourteen Autumns &amp; Fifteen Winters is the debut studio album by Scottish indie rock band The Twilight Sad, released by Fat Cat Records on April 3, 2007 in the US, and May 7, 2007 in the UK. The album How to Be a Lady: Volume 1 is the debut album of American R&amp;B group Electrik Red, released May 26, 2009 on Radio Killa and Def Jam Recordings. Production and songwriting for the album was handled Mind Over Matter is the debut album from Oakland Hip Hop group Zion I. The effort was one of the most critically acclaimed underground Hip Hop albums of the year 2000, popular for their use of futuristic Please Please Please is the debut studio album of American R&amp;B and soul singer James Brown and his backing vocal group, the Famous Flames. It includes Brown's first two hit singles, the title track Frailty is the debut album by Swedish melodic death metal band, The Duskfall. Released on November 30, 2002, the album was re-released on August 22, 2005 with three bonus tracks ""Unspoken"", ""Harvest the Earth, Wind, &amp; Fire is the self-titled debut album by the group Earth, Wind &amp; Fire, released in 1971 on Warner Bros. Records. The lineup is quite different from the one that became famous during Interventions + Lullabies is the first album and second release by American rock duo, The Format. Produced and recorded by R. Walt Vincent, it was released on October 21, 2003 on Elektra Records. While Original Soundtrack is the debut album by English dance music act S'Express. It was predominantly written and produced by S'Express mastermind Mark Moore along with Mark McGuire. Musician Pascal Gabriel Thrasher Shiver is the self-titled album by the American country music duo Thrasher Shiver, which was composed of singer-songwriters Neil Thrasher and Kelly Shiver. Their only album, it was issued in Playing with a Different Sex (1981) was the first album of British post-punk band Au Pairs. In its review, Allmusic described the album as ""one of the great, and perhaps forgotten, post-punk records. Churn is the debut studio album by American post-grunge band Seven Mary Three. It was independently released and preceded the band's mainstream breakthrough, American Standard. Churn also included two It's Dark and Hell is Hot is the debut album of American rapper DMX, released May 19, 1998 on Ruff Ryders Entertainment and Def Jam Recordings. The album featured four singles with music videos, ""Get"
Category:2000s_in_music	5893	Category:Culture/Category:Cultural_trends/Category:Fads/Category:2000s_in_music	"Robert James Smith (born 21 April 1959) is an English guitarist, vocalist, and songwriter. He is the lead singer and principal songwriter of the rock band The Cure, and its only constant member since Since its creation in 1976 Un Drame Musical Instantané, featuring Jean-Jacques Birgé, Bernard Vitet and Francis Gorgé, has decided to promote collective musical creation, co-signing their albums which Wigwam is a Finnish progressive rock band formed in 1968. Wigwam was founded after the split of the seminal Blues Section, with whom drummer Ronnie Österberg had played before. He formed the band as a Way Out West are an Australian jazz group, formed in 2001. They originated in the western suburbs of Melbourne and are noted for their unusual instrumentation which includes West African drumming, and Civilization One was launched in 2006 by singer Chitral Somapala together with guitarist Aldo Lanobile (Secret Sphere), Pierre-Emmanuel Pélisson and Luca Cartasegna (Secret Sphere). Their intention was Way Out West are a UK progressive house, trance and progressive breaks group from Bristol, England consisting of producers and DJs Jody Wisternoff and Nick Warren. They came to fame in the 1990s with The following is a complete chronology of the various lineups of METRO STATION, from the group's inception in 2006 until the present. Trace Cyrus and Mason Musso are the only constants. The Individuals are a Chicago based Rap/Hip hop/Reggae band. Ando Tha Don, Big Lou, Raw Bizness, and T.C.O. are the current members of what started as a six member act. Their record label is Rule the Beast (비스트, stylized as BEAST or B2ST) is a boy group from South Korea that consists of six members, under Cube Entertainment. The group was originally known as B2ST, an acronym for Boys to Search for Most Precious Blood is a hardcore punk band from New York City, formed from the ashes of the band Indecision. They blend the song structures of hardcore with heavy metal, and the band cites Sick of it The Holly Springs Disaster is a metalcore band with a touch of southern rock out of Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan. They toured Canada 7 times independently with The Ghost Cried Murder (often referred to as Everything Is Made in China or Eimic is a Russian three-piece post-rock band formed 2005 in Moscow and composed of Max Fedorov on vocals, lead guitar and percussion, Phil Premyak on bass guitar and keyboards Godspeed You! Black Emperor (formerly punctuated Godspeed You Black Emperor! and commonly abbreviated to GYBE or GY!BE) is a Canadian post-rock band which originated from Montreal, Quebec in 1994. They Whitesnake are an English rock band, founded in 1977 by David Coverdale. The band's early material has been compared by critics to Deep Purple but by the mid 1980s Whitesnake had moved away from the early Last Tuesday was a Christian punk band hailing from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. They played their final show on March 10, 2007. Last Tuesday was formed in 1999 in Harrisburg. After the announcement from Colourmusic was started in Stillwater, OK in 2005. Created by Ryan Hendrix and Nick Turner as a music collaboration and quickly evolved into a band when Cory Suter joined. The band became a quintet when Saves the Day is an American punk band from Princeton, New Jersey, formed in 1994. The band consists of lead vocalist and guitarist Chris Conley, guitarist Arun Bali, bassist Rodrigo Palma and drummer Wishbone Ash are a British rock band who achieved success in the early and mid-1970s. Their popular records included Wishbone Ash (1970), Argus (1972), There's the Rub (1974), and New England (1976). Pin Me Down is a pop/electronica/rock side project of guitarist Russell Lissack, of the British band Bloc Party, and guitarist/singer Milena Mepris, formerly of the electro-punk band Black Moustache. Johan Patrik Mattias Liiva (born November 18, 1970 in Helsingborg) is a Swedish extreme metal vocalist, most widely recognized as the founding vocalist of popular melodic death metal band Arch Enemy, Randomajestiq is a music project of musician Vladimir Hropov. Vladimir was born in 1976 and is currently a sound designer, composer and producer. In 1993 Vladimir started composing chiptunes on the AY-3-8910 Eric Anzalone is the Leatherman/Biker of the musical group Village People. He replaced Glenn Hughes in 1995. Eric was born in Dayton, Ohio but grew up in Santa Barbara, California. He studied theater Built By Snow is an American four-piece rock band based in Austin, TX formed in 2006. To date, the band has released one EP, and one mini-full length album. The band has described themselves as ""Catchy The Coronas are a Meteor Awardwinning Irish four-piece Rock-Indie-Alternative band from Terenure, Dublin, Ireland. They have released two studio albums, Heroes or Ghosts (2007) and Tony Was An Ex-Con The Courage (formerly known as ""Noah Gundersen &amp; the Courage"") is an indie band initially started in Centralia, Washington by siblings Abby &amp; Noah Gundersen and expanded to Travis Ehrentrom and Dog Is Dead is a five piece indie pop band from Nottingham, who have variously described their music as ""Louis Armstrong lost in disco"", ""an original blend of harmonious, indie-pop in the disco, with Céline Marie Claudette Dion CC, OQ (born March 30, 1968) is a Canadian pop singer, songwriter, actress, and entrepreneur. Born to a large, impoverished family in Charlemagne, Quebec, Dion emerged as a Pure Rubbish was a rock band from Houston, Texas from late 1995 to April 2003. The band's moniker was lifted from Mick Jagger's published opinion about the 60's rock band Herman's Hermits. Pure Rubbish Culture Club is a British pop band formed in the early 1980s and classified as new romantic, whose sound combines British new wave and American soul with Jamaican reggae and also other styles as calypso, Stellar Kart is a Christian pop punk band from Phoenix, Arizona, USA . The band is signed to INO Records and released its first album in February 2005. Some of the singles from their debut album, All Newworldson is a Canadian Christian pop/soul band. The band was formed in a jazz bar in downtown St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada and released its debut album, Roots Revolution, in 2006. Their musical Supergarage is a Canadian indie rock act based out of Toronto. They have released four albums. In 1996, they released their 6-song EP Duct Tape, which had the radio hit ""Post-Teen Crisis"" . In 1997, they Fallon Bowman is a musician from Ontario, Canada, best known for her involvement with Kittie, Pigface and her own projects, including Amphibious Assault. She is of Dutch and Indonesian descent. Cypress Hill is an American Latino hip hop group from South Gate, California. Originally called DVX, the name was changed after Mellow Man Ace left to go solo in 1988. Cypress Hill was the first Latino Murderdolls is an American horror punk supergroup, founded during 2002 in Hollywood, California. The band line-up consists of core members Wednesday 13 and Joey Jordison. Former members include Ben Graves, Elliott Yamin, born Efraym Elliott Yamin, is an American singer known for his hit single ""Wait for You"" and placing third on the fifth season of American Idol. His self-titled album, released March 20, Blue County was an American country music duo composed of actor-singers Aaron Benward and Scott Reeves. They released their self-titled debut album in 2004 on Curb Records. This album produced four singles The Luchagors is a punk rock band based in Atlanta, Georgia. It is fronted by Amy Dumas, better known as Lita to professional wrestling fans of World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE). During her last wrestling Earth Crisis is an American metalcore band from Syracuse, New York, active from 1989 until 2001, reuniting in 2007. Their most recent record, To The Death, was released in May 2009 through Century Media. The Platin Tenors are a trio of singers who regularly accompany André Rieu on his tours. Gary Bennett was born in Tasmania and studied mathematics and physics before taking private singing lessons at MeTalkPretty also known by the acronym MTP or ""Me Talk Pretty"" is an Alternative Rock band from New York City, New York. The band was formed in 2006 by Julia Preotu (lead vocals) and Leon Lyazidi (guitar/keyboads) Neva Dinova is an indie band from Omaha, Nebraska. Neva Dinova is named after the grandmother of lead singer Jake Bellows. They have been on crank! a record company (though their second release was licensed Gustaf Spetz is a Swedish singer. His debut album Good Night Mr Spetz was officially released on January 28, 2009. Gustav Spetz describes his music as ""A Ted Gärdestad on drugs that has listened to much Steeleye Span are an English [folk-rock folk-rock] band, formed in 1969 and remaining active today. Along with Fairport Convention they are amongst the best known acts of the British folk revival, and The PS22 Chorus is an elementary school chorus from Public School 22 in Graniteville, Staten Island (New York). It is composed of 60-70 fifth-graders, and is directed by Gregg Breinberg. Students are mentalEscape (born June 1, 1983) is a Bosnian American post Industrial-Electronica solo project with EBM, Breakcore, and Hard Trance elements. The music can be described as dark and aggressive electronica Roman Rene Ramirez (born June 11, 1988 in Fremont, California), better known as Rome Ramirez or simply Rome, is an American singer and guitarist currently playing with Bud Gaugh and Eric Wilson from Sublime La Barranca has been a successful ongoing outfit for over a decade. Based in Mexico City, they are led by guitarist and songwriter José Manuel Aguilera, who previously and concurrently worked with Sangre My Bitter End was a deathcore band hailing from Middletown, New York. They are known for their heavy breakdowns, ""off time chord progressions, technical precision and melodic undertones. "" They contain Nicole Jung, better known mononymously as Nicole, born on October 7, 1991, is a South Korean singer. She was raised in Glendale, California but moved to South Korea to pursue her dreams. Known for being Conjure One is a Canadian electronic music project, headed by Rhys Fulber, better known as a member of Front Line Assembly and Delerium, as well as other musical groups alongside Bill Leeb. Fatso Jetson is an American desert rock band from the Palm Desert, California area, formed in 1994 by ex-Yawning Man members Mario and Larry Lalli, along with Tony Tornay. The Lalli cousins are often Racetraitor (1996–1999) was an American political straight edge hardcore punk band from Chicago, Illinois. The band was known for calling audience members ""crackers"" and for espousing radical beliefs Rolo Tomassi are a band from Sheffield, England, playing synth driven mathcore. Their name is taken from the fictional character in the film LA Confidential. On 22 September 2008, the band released their Ill Niño (typeset in lowercase as ill niño due to certain fonts having lowercase L and uppercase I resemble each other) is an American six-piece Latin metal band from New Jersey founded in 1998. The band Ox is a Canadian alternative country indie band. The core of the band consists of Mark Browning on lead vocals and guitar, Ryan Bishops on guitar and piano, Shawn Dicey on bass and Max Myth on drums. Nell Sigland (born November 13) is a Norwegian heavy metal singer. She is the co-founder of The Crest. On June 3, 2004 she joined Theatre of Tragedy, replacing Liv Kristine. Kylie Ann Minogue, OBE, is an Australian pop singer, songwriter, and actress. After beginning her career as a child actress on Australian television, she achieved recognition through her role in the television Shot Down Sun was a metal band from Haverhill, Massachusetts, formed in 2001. The band independently released several EPs and a full-length album, The Human Design, which was re-released in 2007 by Crash David Jon Gilmour, CBE (born 6 March 1946) is an English rock musician, best known as the lead guitarist, one of the lead singers, and one of the main songwriters in the progressive rock band Pink Floyd. Chris Cornell (born Christopher John Boyle; July 20, 1964) is an American rock musician best known as the lead vocalist for Soundgarden. He is also known as the former lead vocalist for Audioslave and The Details are an indie rock band from Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. The band, formed in late 2005, features vocalist and guitarist Jon Plett (The Home Team), bassist Keli Martin (Sixty Stories, The Western Sacred Spirit is a musical project by Claus Zundel, Ralf Hamm and Markus Staab. The music is of electronic, new age, world, ambient, house, jazz and blues genres. Sacred Spirit's total worldwide album Mahogany Rush is a Canadian rock band led by guitarist Frank Marino. The band had its peak of popularity in the 1970s, playing such venues as California Jam II together with bands such as Aerosmith, Ted Helmut Fritz is the stage name of French singer Éric Greff, who was born in 1975 in Forbach, France and who grew up in Béning-lès-Saint-Avold in the Moselle department. Greff is known for his 2009 single The Dirty 9s are an Indie Rock band from Dublin, Ireland. They came to public attention by winning the Deis Roc show on Irish television channel, TG4. The band released their debut album, ""Stop Screaming Clue to Kalo is a Folktronica band from Adelaide, South Australia, featuring Mark Mitchell and a revolving cast of supporting musicians. Clue To Kalo’s initial commercial success came in the US through Stratochief is a Canadian alternative country band. The band was originally formed by Greg McConnell, following the breakup of his earlier band, Lost Dakotas. Vaughan Passmore and Johnny Trash, McConnell's The Guthries were a Canadian country rock band, active in the late 1990s and early 2000s. Originally formed by Ruth Minnikin and Dale Murray, the band included their respective siblings Gabe Minnikin Amazing Baby is an American indie rock band based in Brooklyn, New York in 2008. The band began as an after-work collaboration between Will Roan, Will Berman and Simon O'Connor, who had known one another Amaya Uranga Amezaga (born February 18, 1947 in Bilbao, Spain) is a Spanish singer, best known for the fifteen years she spent as a member of the Basque folk/pop sextet Mocedades. She is a cousin of director Michael ""Mike"" Badger is an English singer-songwriter, guitarist, artist and sculptor from Liverpool, England. He was co-founder of The La's and went on to form The Onset in 1988 and the Kachinas in 1996. Thy Disease is a Polish death metal band from Kraków incorporating electronica influences in their music. Their lyrics generally deal with nihilism, apocalypse, and war. The band was formed in 1999, by Dark Fortress is a black metal band from Landshut, Germany, formed in 1994. They have released six studio albums, a split album and a demo album. On May 13, 2007, they fired their vocalist, Azathoth due Sakésho is a jazz quartet based band in France. Sakésho is based in the beguine, the polyrhythmic music of the French Caribbean. The band members are Mario Canonge (piano), Michel Alibo (bass) and Jean-Phillip Heartsfield is an American vocal rock group. Formed in 1970 by J.C. Hartsfield and Perry Jordan, Heartsfield toured throughout the United States during the 1970s and early 1980s. They reunited in 1999, Aaron Charles Carter (born December 7, 1987) is an American singer. He is the younger brother of singer Nick Carter, from the boy band Backstreet Boys. He came to fame as a pop and hip hop singer in the Dude 'n Nem (previously known as Dudenem and Dude &amp; Nem) is a rap duo consisting of rappers Tragic and Upmost. Dude 'n Nem, signed to RD Entertainment/The Orchid is a rap duo based out of Chicago's A Good Fight (commonly abbreviated to AGF) is an American rock band from Fayetteville, Arkansas. The current members are Eddie Love, Rizz, Jon Woods, and Sean Merriott . The band's first CD, ""The City Dash Rip Rock is a New Orleans based rock group which was formed as a three-piece rockabilly band in Baton Rouge, Louisiana during the summer of 1984. According to Green Frog Music, the band took their Fever Marlene is a rock band from Milwaukee, Wisconsin, USA. Fever Marlene released their much buzzed about album titled, Civil War on Rev Pop Records. The band has toured with the bands such as The Redwalls, Kaitlyn Ashley Maher (born January 10, 2004) is an American child singer and actress born in Michigan, and raised in Ashburn, Virginia. In 2008, she reached the final ten on the third series of television Howling Bells are an indie rock band formed in Sydney, Australia in 2004 by the members of the disbanded band Waikiki. They released their self-titled debut album in 2006, and followed it with Radio Wars Loney, Dear is the pseudonym of Swedish singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist Emil Svanängen. He has self-released four albums of music in his native Sweden. His first major release came in February, Liam and Me is a four-piece rock band from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The band creates ""concise, melodic, rhythmic, emotional pop rock"" and is made up of Matt O'Dowd on vocals and keyboard, Dan Larkin The Quireboys are an English hard rock band formed in 1984 in London, England, with strong ties to Newcastle. When the band formed they were originally known as The Queerboys and later as the London Quireboys Brendon Boyd Urie (born April 12, 1987) is an American musician and the lead vocalist, rhythm guitarist and pianist of Panic! at the Disco. He also plays drums, bass guitar, accordion, organ cello and Mourningside is a side project of John LeCompt and Jack Wiese featuring Rocky Gray (ex-Evanescence), Devin Castle, and Jeff Bowie. Mourningside is a hard hitting metal act that gained popularity with Sleep Station is an American indie rock band on Eyeball Records from Bergen County, New Jersey that revolves around frontman David Debiak. While some Sleep Station albums have been recorded with a full Pinkly Smooth is an American heavy metal band. The band was formed in the summer of 2001 in Huntington Beach, California, with The Rev (under the name Rathead) as singer, fellow Avenged Sevenfold guitarist Douglas Seann ""Doug"" Robb, is an American musician and lead singer of rock band Hoobastank. He is a graduate of Agoura High School concurrently with several future members of Linkin Park. Paul-Alain Leclerc, popularly known as Julien Clerc (born 4 October 1947 in Paris) is a French singer. His father was a UNESCO employee and his mother is from Guadeloupe. Many of the chansons he sings Alicia Augello Cook (born January 25, 1981), better known by her stage name Alicia Keys, is an American recording artist, musician and actress. She was raised by a single mother in the Hell's Kitchen The Jackson 5 (also spelled The Jackson Five, or The Jackson 5ive), later known as The Jacksons, are an American popular music family group from Gary, Indiana. Founding group members Jackie, Tito, Jermaine, Zug Izland is a Detroit based alternative rock group formerly associated with Psychopathic Records. Named after a decaying industrial site in Detroit, the band broke onto the national competitive music Freestyle is a Pinoy rock-R&amp;B band in the Philippines. Freestyle Origin Davao, Philippines Genres OPM, R&amp;B, Jazz, Funk, Pinoy rock, Years active 1996 – present Labels Viva Records Associated acts Death of a Party formed in the summer of 2003 in the Oakland house party scene and quickly earned a loyal band of followers. With a dark, sometimes heavy, often dancey, post-punk sound and a manic live Trout Fishing in America is a musical duo which performs folk rock and children's music. The duo is composed of Keith Grimwood and Ezra Idlet. They took their name from the novel Trout Fishing in America Killed by the Bull is an American rock band from New Jersey formed by Justin Fullam and Bill McVeigh of the former New York hardcore/punk outfit The Judas Factor. The band's style has been compared to Tuatha de Danann is a Brazilian Celtic metal band from Varginha, Minas Gerais; known for the merryful celtic dance rhythms, flute melodies, Celtic mythology-inspired lyrics and the original jesting tones Emperor Penguin is a Chicago-based electronic music duo consisting of DJ Lazlo Minimart and keyboardist Melvoin Stanke. Their sound combines samples, old-fashioned synths, found sounds and electro-funk. Fighting Gravity was a music group based out of Richmond, Virginia. Originally a ska band called Boy O Boy, Fighting Gravity has incorporated a variety of music into their style, including reggae, rock, Grace Potter and the Nocturnals is a Vermont-based band that blends funky blues, soul and rock from the 60s and early 70s. Their recent self-titled studio album was released on June 8, 2010. Kevin Scott Richardson (born October 3, 1971) is an American singer and a former member of the Backstreet Boys, model, actor, and composer. He was the oldest member of the band during his tenure. We Butter the Bread with Butter is a German deathcore band from Lübben. Founded in 2007 by Marcel Neumann. Their debut album Das Monster aus dem Schrank was released on November 21, 2008 through Redfield Janus is a German musical project lead by Dirk ""Rig"" Riegert and Tobias Hahn. The name comes from Roman mythology, specifically the god Janus, who ruled over gates and doors. Ted Leo and the Pharmacists (sometimes written Ted Leo/Pharmacists, Ted Leo + Pharmacists, or TL/Rx) are an American rock band formed in 1999 in Washington, D.C. and currently recording for Matador Records. Total Eclipse is an American metal band from San Francisco, California, with a self-produced mini-CD released internationally (Guardians of Metal, 1999), a worldwide album (Ashes of Eden, Limb Music, Tribalistas were a short-lived but popular brazilian musical trio consisting of Marisa Monte, Arnaldo Antunes and Carlinhos Brown. Their one-off collaboration resulted in the popular album Tribalistas, Screwball is a New York City hip hop group, with members Hostyle, KL, Blaq Poet, &amp; Solo. Their debut Y2K The Album was released in 2000 on Tommy Boy Records. The album yielded two singles; ""H-O-S-T-Y-L-E"" The Mandrake is a death metal/electronica band who were signed to Crash Music, but now describe themselves as looking for a new label and releasing their next EP independently. They have released one Cable is an American band formed in 1994 in Rockville, Connecticut. They combine a hardcore punk and emo aesthetic with a rhythmically complex, often discordant metal-influenced musical approach. Lineup Fireworks is an American pop-punk band from Metro Detroit, Michigan. currently signed to Triple Crown Records. Their most recent album, All I Have to Offer is My Own Confusion was released on March 24, La Quinta Estación were a Spanish pop/rock band composed of two musicians from Madrid: Natalia Jiménez and Ángel Reyero. Pablo Domínguez (2001-2008) was the third member until his recent split. The band White Willow is a Norwegian art rock band, mixing elements of orchestral pop, 70's progressive rock, jazz-rock and even electronic elements. They have released 5 albums so far: 1995's Ignis Fatuus, which Bad Lieutenant are an English alternative rock band formed in 2007. The band consists of former New Order lead singer Bernard Sumner and guitarist Phil Cunningham, along with Jake Evans of Rambo and Leroy. Lamb of God is a Groove Metal band from Richmond, Virginia, formed in 1994. Lamb of God consists of vocalist Randy Blythe, guitarists Mark Morton and Willie Adler, bassist John Campbell, and drummer Chris Blaze is the name of Japanese hard rock band that first premiered in 1975. The band consists of Ike (vocals), Shige (guitar), Nobu (keyboard), Sam (drums), &amp; Jack (bass). The band is currently known Huron is a Canadian rock band formed in January 2008 from Hamilton, Ontario. Members include Aaron Goldstein, known for his session work with such bands as Cowboy Junkies, and Cam Malcolm, who was previously The Undertow Orchestra was an indie rock ""supergroup"" organized by Bob Andrews of Undertow Music Collective. The band existed only as a touring ensemble and consisted of ""four of today’s most under the Crocodiles are an indie rock/noise pop band from San Diego, CA, that formed in 2008. The band's members had previously played in noisepunk acts Some Girls and The Plot to Blow Up the Eiffel Tower. Stylistically Kings Cross are a six piece multi-genre English band, from various parts of Essex. They underwent various member changes during their history as Belisha, with the constant being founder members Dan Raynham The Countdown Singers is a name given to Madacy Entertainment's revolving group of studio musicians, used since 1994. They perform sound-alike cover versions of well-known songs. Their albums have mostly Sleeping with Sirens is an American post-hardcore band from Orlando, Florida currently residing in Grand Rapids, Michigan, formed in 2009 by members of For All We Know, Broadway and We Are Defiance. The Propaganda is a German synthpop group, formed in 1982. They were one of the initial roster of acts signed to Trevor Horn's ZTT label, between 1984 and 1986, during which they released the critically acclaimed Trademark are an English band, formed in 1995, and consisting of Oliver Horton, Stuart Meads and Paul Soulsby (who joined in 1999). They are noted for predominantly using synthesizers and are often branded Róisín Marie Murphy is an Irish singer-songwriter and record producer, known for her electronic style. Murphy first came to note as part of the electronic music duo Moloko. Her partner in the band was Wallpaper Silhouettes is a rock/pop/new wave band based in Trondheim, Norway. Its members are songwriter, singer and lead guitarist Mats Davidsen, bassist Tony Jacobsen, and drummer Jo Henning Dahlø. Cold War Spies is a Boston area gothic rock band that formed in 2005 in Somersworth, New Hampshire. Aaron Russo and Rick Chambers had been playing music together for years and were previously in the band The Black and White Years are an indie art rock band based in Austin, Texas. Formed in 2006, the band consists of Scott Butler, Landon Thompson and John Aldridge. Scott, Landon, and John met while attending Male Bonding is a punk rock band based in London, England. They began touring in 2008, and released their first full-length album, Nothing Hurts, in May 2010. It received positive reviews from several Sweetback is an English musical group, made up of members of the band Sade, but not including the lead singer Sade Adu herself. They are a jazz/funk band with R&amp;B overtones. Stuart Matthewman, Paul Death Is Not a Joyride is an Austin, Texas-based experimental art rock three piece. Because of a diverse arrangement of instruments and tendency to explore different genres, the band has been described Bright Eyes is an American band that consists of singer-songwriter and guitarist Conor Oberst, multi-instrumentalist and producer Mike Mogis, trumpet and piano player Nate Walcott, and a rotating lineup Red Snapper are a British instrumental band founded in London in 1993 by Ali Friend, Richard Thair, and David Ayers. The three core members are also joined by various guest musicians and vocalists on Terror Squad is an American hip hop collective that was first established in 1998. Based in The Bronx borough of New York City, the members of Terror Squad collectively debuted on a song in member Fat Juicy Lucy are a blues-rock band formed in 1969. After the demise of garage band, The Misunderstood, vocalist Ray Owen, steel guitarist Glenn Ross Campbell, and saxophone player Chris Mercer formed Juicy Eagles of Death Metal is an American garage rock band from Palm Desert, California, formed in 1998 by Jesse Hughes and Josh Homme. Despite the name, Eagles of Death Metal are not a death metal band. Hughes Altar is a Dutch death metal band. The band started in the early 1990s under various names, including Manticore and Anubis, in the town of Hardenberg. Eventually they settled on Altar. In 1992 they released Lights Valerie Poxleitner (born Valerie Anne Poxleitner; 11 April 1987), known professionally as Lights (stylized LIGHTS) is a Juno Award-winning Canadian singer-songwriter. She is known for composing Them Crooked Vultures is a rock supergroup formed in Los Angeles in 2009 by John Paul Jones, Dave Grohl and Josh Homme. The group also includes guitarist Alain Johannes during live performances. The band Hinterland is a band from Vancouver, Canada. Hinterland's music is best described as dreampop/shoegaze/New Wave with soaring, ethereal vocals, and is currently released by Submerged Records. Hinterland's Pure Reason Revolution are a British rock group formed at the University of Westminster in 2003. Their music incorporates elements of progressive rock and electro. Their music has been variously described Roman Holiday is an alternative rock band from Seattle, Washington. Formed in September 2008, the band comprises Shane Lance (lead vocals, guitar), Emerson Shotwell (drums, percussion), Daniel Collins Lars Mikael Åkerfeldt (born 17 April 1974) is a Swedish musician who achieved fame as the lead vocalist, guitarist and songwriter of progressive death metal band Opeth as well as the lead vocalist of Alvin and the Chipmunks is an animated music group created by Ross Bagdasarian, Sr. in 1958. The group consists of three singing animated anthropomorphic chipmunks: Alvin, the mischievous troublemaker, Willard Grant Conspiracy is an alt-country band currently based near Palmdale, California. Originally formed in 1995 in Boston, Massachusetts by Robert Fisher and Paul Austin, the band operates as a collective, The Shining were an English rock band formed in 2000. The band was composed of Duncan Baxter (vocals), Dan MacBean (guitar), Mark Heaney (drums), Simon Jones (bass), and Simon Tong (guitar, keyboards), Palm Springs is a Brighton-based independent British rock band. Established in 2004 with ""a firm DIY ethic - put off today what you can do tomorrow and persevere without instructions or guidance,"" the Jade Warrior are a British group that were formed in 1970, originally evolving out of a band named July. The founding members were Tony Duhig (born Anthony Christopher Duhig, 18 September 1941, Acton, Hot Springs were an indie-rock band formed in 2004 based in Montréal, Quebec, Canada. They were unique in the Montréal music scene, in that they had an equal fan-base within both the francophone and anglophone Black Moon was an American hip hop group, consisting of members Buckshot, 5 ft and DJ Evil Dee. The group were most notable for their debut album Enta da Stage, and their affiliation with the Boot Camp Pierre Moerlen's Gong is a jazz fusion outfit which is very different from the first incarnation of Gong, the psychedelic space-rock act led by Daevid Allen. It is notable for the prominent use of mallet Red Carpet is a house/electronica production act from Belgium, consisting of DJ/producer/remixers Den Hetrix and Raffaele Brescia, with Ramona Korber on vocals. In 2004 their piano-driven track ""Alright"" Ra is an American alternative metal band from Los Angeles, California, taking their name from the Egyptian sun god. The band has been around since the 1990s, but did not actually evolve into its current Humble Pie were a rock band from England, finding success in America and the UK. They are remembered for songs such as ""30 Days in the Hole"", ""I Don't Need No Doctor"", and ""Natural Born Bugie"". The original Between the Buried and Me is an American heavy metal band from Raleigh, North Carolina. Since their inception in 2000, they have released five studio albums, one cover album and one live DVD/CD. Their Hanging Garden is an American thrash metal/speed metal band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 2008. Founded by vocalist Pro and guitar player Michael Young, following Pro's departure from Zap, metal Fairweather was an American rock band from Virginia that released two full-length albums on Equal Vision Records: If They Move... Kill Them (2001) and Lusitania (2003). The band also released several Founded in 2004, the Scott Harris Project is a musical group from New York. The songwriter and primary member of the band, Scott Harris, first teamed up with bassist Pat Castania and drummer Sal Giancarelli House of Fools is a rock band from Greensboro, North Carolina. Members include Josh King, David McLaughlin, Joel Kiser (guitar), Matt Bowers, Jordan Powers and Jack Foster. House of Fools formed in 2004, 3 of a Kind are a UK Garage act, best known for their 2004 hit ""Baby Cakes"". The members are Liana Caruana (aka Miz Tipzta), Nicholas Gallante (aka Devine MC) and Marc Portelli (aka Marky P). ""Baby Cakes"" Bikini Atoll was a post-rock band formed in London, though Ché Albrighton is from Jugenheim, Germany, and Bastian Juel is from Denmark. The band was signed to the Bella Union label in 2004. They released Angel Dust (originally Angeldust) are a German heavy metal band. Initially active from 1984 to 1990 as speed and thrash metal band, they dropped their thrash roots in favor of a power/progressive metal Gorky's Zygotic Mynci were a Welsh alternative rock band, formed in Carmarthen, west Wales in 1991. They sang songs in both Welsh and English. They split up in May 2006. Saint Etienne are an English alternative dance act, fronted by Sarah Cracknell. Former music journalists Bob Stanley and Pete Wiggs are the other regular members of the band. They are named not after School of Seven Bells (often just SVIIB) is a band formed by Benjamin Curtis of Secret Machines, together with identical twins Alejandra and Claudia Deheza, formerly of On!Air!Library!. The band is named Wonderswan are an alternative indie rock band, based in Leeds, England. The band includes former members of Boyracer, Grammatics and Held By Hands. Their first commercial release was on 4 May 2009 with Metro Station was an American pop rock band formed in Los Angeles, California. In late 2006, the band signed a recording contract with Columbia/Red Ink. They were best known for their Top 10 Billboard Goonies Never Say Die are a six piece instrumental and post-rock band from Blackpool, England. Although they are a little vague on the formation date, they think it was around August 2007. Stateless are an English trip-hop/rock band, founded in 2002 and based in Leeds. The group comprises Chris James (vocals, keyboards, guitars), kidkanevil (turntables, sampling, programming), Justin Percival Municipal Waste is a thrash metal band from Richmond, Virginia. They performed at the UK's Download Festival on June 15 2008, on the tuborg stage. They also joined At the Gates on their ""Suicidal Final Medeski Martin &amp; Wood (or MMW) is an American jazz trio formed in 1991, consisting of John Medeski on keyboards and piano, Billy Martin on drums and percussion, and Chris Wood on double bass and bass Thee Silver Mt. Zion Memorial Orchestra (previously A Silver Mt. Zion, The Silver Mt. Zion Memorial Orchestra &amp; Tra-La-La Band, Thee Silver Mt. Zion Memorial Orchestra and Tra-La-La Band with Choir Millionaires is a Electro-pop group consisting of two girls from Orange County, California. The group gained popularity on MySpace and climbed the charts early on in their career. The group consists of Viva Revolución is an indie rock band, formed in Gothenburg, Sweden in 2004. Their influences range from Soul music of the 1960s, Punk rock of the 1970s, House music of the 1980s, Madchester of the 1990s, Vital Signs were a Pakistani pop band that formed in Rawalpindi in 1986. The group was formed by Rohail Hyatt (keyboards and guitars) and Shahzad Hasan (bass guitar), who were soon joined by Nusrat Hussain The Ghost and The Grace is an American indie folk band moniker for Daniel Anderson. The live band consists of singer-songwriter Daniel Anderson along with several other rotating musicians from the Bellingham, Texas Hippie Coalition is a band out of Chickasha, Texas. They have released their first nationally released album, Rollin distributed by Carved Records and Sony, which moved into the top ten on the CMJ Veronica (born Veronica Vazquez circa 1974 in the Bronx, New York) is a dance music singer and theatrical actress. Along with singers Ultra Nate, Deborah Cox, she is considered to be one of the divas The All-American Rejects are an American four-piece rock band from Stillwater, Oklahoma, formed in 1999. The band consists of lead vocalist and bass guitarist Tyson Ritter, lead guitarist, Nick Wheeler, Norma Jean is an American metalcore band from Douglasville, Georgia, a suburb of Atlanta. Since their inception in 1997 and replacement of members throughout the years, the band's only original members For the Fallen Dreams is a metalcore band from Lansing, Michigan, formed in 2003. They are currently signed to Rise Records. They have released a demo, a self-titled EP, and two full-length albums, Changes The Silencers are a Scottish rock band formed in London in 1986 by two ex-members of the post-punk outfit Fingerprintz. Their music is characterized by a melodic blend of pop, folk and traditional Celtic The Brothers Creeggan (often referred to as simply Brothers Creeggan) are a Canadian alternative rock/jazz band composed of Jim Creeggan (upright bass, guitar, bass guitar, vocals), Andy Creeggan (guitar, The Damned is an English gothic punk band formed in London in 1976. They were the first punk rock band from the United Kingdom to release a single, an album, to have a record on the UK music charts, and The Derek Trucks Band, according to one Allmusic reviewer, are a ""group of musicians that share a passion for improvisation and musical exploration"". The band was founded in 1994 by young slide guitar Thousand Foot Krutch (TFK) are a Canadian Christian rock band formed in 1997. They have released five major studio albums: Set It Off (2001), Phenomenon (2003), The Art of Breaking (2005), The Flame In The Ladder are a British hard rock group. The band is composed of three past members of the group FM, Steve Overland, Pete Jupp and Bob Skeat along with former Dare/Ten guitarist Vinny Burns. The band Usher Raymond IV, who performs under the mononym Usher, is an American recording artist and actor. He rose to fame in the late 1990s with the release of his sophmore album My Way, which spawned his first Whitechapel is an American deathcore band from Knoxville, Tennessee. Since their inception in 2006, the band has released three studio albums and four music videos and are currently signed to Metal Blade is a three-piece Japanese rock band currently signed to DCT Records. They gained prominence in Japan after being featured as vocalists and musicians on Dreams Come True's singles ""Good Bye My School Days"" The Art Ensemble of Chicago is an avant-garde jazz ensemble that grew out of Chicago's AACM in the late 1960s. The group continues to tour and record through 2006, despite the deaths of two of the founding Prinzhorn Dance School consists of two artists, Tobin Prinz and Suzi Horn. They have taken their name from Dr Hans Prinzhorn, who collected art by mentally ill patients under his care. Wayne Static (born Wayne Richard Wells, November 4, 1965 in Muskegon, Michigan, USA) is an American musician, and the lead vocalist, guitarist, keyboardist, and programmer for the industrial metal band Millencolin is a punk rock band that was formed in October 1992 by Erik Ohlsson, Mathias Färm and Nikola Sarcevic in Örebro, Sweden. In early 1993, drummer Fredrik Larzon joined the band. The name Millencolin S-Tone Inc. is the main musical project of Stefano Tirone, a musician from Milan, Italy, who has been working in the world of music for over twenty years. The first song under this name was released in Jake Williams is a British dance DJ and remixer, who has recorded as JX and Rex the Dog. JX found success in 1993 following a recording contract with Hooj Choons, a United Kingdom dance independent record The Hoosiers are an English pop/rock band, consisting of members Irwin Sparkes, Martin Skarendahl, and Alphonso Sharland. Their first single ""Worried About Ray"" reached #5 on the UK Singles Chart in July Andrea Tessa Vergara is a Chilean singer-songwriter, TV presenter and actress of Italian descent. Daughter of the operatic soprano Victoria Vergara Olguín and Patricio Tessa Marchant. She studied at Scuola Warp Brothers is the dance music group moniker used by the German DJs Oliver Goedicke and Jürgen Dohr. It was established in 1999. Their style includes techno, hard acid, house, trance and electro. Their The Murdocks Origin Austin, Texas, USA Genres Rock, Alternative rock, Powerpop Years active 2003&ndash;present Labels Surprise Truck Records Website Official site Members Franklin Morris Kyle Robarge Kid Canaveral is an indie pop band that formed in St Andrews in Fife, Scotland. Since 2007 the band have released five well received singles, an E.P. and an album on their own label, Straight to Video Blackalicious is an American hip hop duo from Sacramento, California made up of rapper Gift of Gab (born Tim Parker) and DJ/producer Chief Xcel (born Xavier Mosley). They are noted for Gift of Gab's often The Pillbugs was an American neo-psychedelia power pop/indie pop group that emerged on the indie music scene in the late 1990s. Based in Toledo, Ohio, the band consisted of Mark Mikel (vocals/guitar/keyboards), The Rubinoos are an American power pop band that formed in 1970 in Berkeley, California. They are best known for their singles ""I Think We're Alone Now"" (1977, a cover of the hit by Tommy James &amp; Saint Motel is a indie rock band from Los Angeles, California that has been described as ""garage glam"", and ""hard pop"". They have described themselves as ""Frankie Vallie meets The Who""http://www.99dollarmusicvideos. Alexisonfire (pronounced ""Alexis On Fire"") is a five-piece, Juno-nominated post-hardcore band that formed in St. Catharines, Ontario, Canada in 2001. The band consists of George Pettit, Dallas Green, Alexander Don ""Alex"" Lambert (born December 10, 1990) is an American singer-songwriter from North Richland Hills, Texas, who was a semi-finalist on the ninth season of American Idol and currently stars Alesha Anjanette Dixon (born 7 October 1978) is an English singer-songwriter, dancer, model and television personality. She first found fame in the all-female R&amp;B/garage trio Mis-Teeq, however, the The Whitlams are a rock band based in Sydney, Australia. The original band consisted of Tim Freedman, Stevie Plunder and Andy Lewis. The Whitlams formed in 1992 in Newtown, and began their career performing Sprung Monkey is an American band that originated in San Diego, California, USA, initially active from 1991 to 2002, and again since 2005. Sprung Monkey consists of five members, Steve Summers for the Lu was a Mexican pop duo formed by Mario Sandoval and Paty Cantú, both from Guadalajara, Mexico. Paty was studying Law, but she changed to Music when they were signed to Warner Music Mexico. Mario started Lorene Drive is an American rock band from Victorville, California. They were formed in 2002. They were a part of the 2005 &ndash; 2007 Vans Warped Tour, 2006 The Bamboozle (East &amp; West) coast tour, The World Famous Beat Junkies is a Hip hop crew of hip hop DJs specializing in Turntablism. Established in 1992 in Orange County, California by J-Rocc who is African-American. The Beat Junkies have won Joanne Valda O'Meara (born 29 April 1979) is an English singer-songwriter, television personality and actress. Formerly one of the lead singers of pop group S Club, she launched a solo single after the Beowülf is a crossover thrash metal band formed Venice Beach, California in 1981 by Michael Alvarado, Dale Henderson, Mike Jensen and Paul Yamada. The group never gained a large mainstream success, but Smoke Fairies are Katherine Blamire and Jessica Davies, a British musical duo signed to V2/COOP (World excluding America). Their music is influenced by American blues and English folk and characterised Blake Babies was an alternative rock band formed in 1986 in Boston, Massachusetts, USA. The three primary members were John Strohm, Freda Love (born Freda Boner), and Juliana Hatfield, with Evan Dando, Elliot Minor are a classically influenced rock band from York, England. The group consists of Alex Davies (lead vocals/guitars), Ed Minton (vocals/guitars), Dan Hetherton (drums/backing vocals) and Ed Field Music are a band from Sunderland, England who formed in 2004. The band's core consists of brothers David and Peter Brewis (who at one time played drums for fellow Sunderland band The Futureheads), Shades Apart were an alternative rock musical group from Bridgewater, New Jersey. They are best known for their US radio hit ""Valentine"" and their cover of the hit song ""Tainted Love."" Johnny Flynn &amp; The Sussex Wit are an English folk rock band signed to Transgressive Records. They are fronted by Johnny Flynn (also known as Joe Flynn), an actor, poet and songwriter who cites W.B. Kelendria Trene Rowland (born February 11, 1981), known as Kelly Rowland, is an American singer and entertainer. Born in Atlanta, Georgia and raised in Houston, Texas, Rowland rose to fame in the late Fettes Brot is a German hip hop group founded in 1992. Fettes Brot is German for fat bread. ""Fett"" is a German slang term for ""excellent"" and brot is slang for ""hash"". The band took the name from a fan Love Is All is a five-piece indie pop band from Gothenburg, Sweden. It releases songs in English. Paste Magazine has stated that it makes ""infectiously lo-fi punk rock laced with saxophone and melodic Dynamite Boy was a pop punk band from Austin, Texas. They comprised Sean Neil, Dusty Kohn, Adrian Munoz and Sam Rich. Allegedly, they disbanded in 2005 after a ten-year career, however due to recent posts Ham Eun-jeong (sometimes stylized as Ham Eun Jung; born December 12, 1988) is a South Korean singer, rapper, dancer, and actress. In 2009, she rose to prominence with her status as member of the girl The Brunettes are an indie pop or twee pop group from New Zealand formed in 1998. The band consists of core members Jonathan Bree and Heather Mansfield with additional contributions from part-time band Francisco Buarque de Hollanda, popularly known as Chico Buarque, is a singer, guitarist, composer, dramatist, writer and poet. He is best known for his music, which often includes social, economic and The Cake Sale are a collective of mostly Irish musical artists including Swedish singer/songwriter Nina Persson of The Cardigans and Australian musician Nick Seymour of Crowded House. The collective was Eunice Kathleen Waymon (February 21, 1933 – April 21, 2003), better known by her stage name Nina Simone, was an American singer, songwriter, pianist, arranger, and civil rights activist. Although she Gangsta rap is a subgenre of hip hop that reflects the violent lifestyles of inner-city youths. Gangsta is a non-rhotic pronunciation of the word gangster. The genre was pioneered in the mid 1980s by The Dollyrots are a pop punk band composed of Kelly Ogden, Luis Cabezas, and Chris Black. They have released three studio albums and are currently signed to the Blackheart Records label. The Listening is an American rock band originally from Washington and currently based out of Franklin, Tennesee. Touring extensively through North America and Europe from 2004–2006, the group largely The Postmarks are a pop band from Pompano Beach, Florida. Their self-titled LP was released in February 2007 and has been met with critical acclaim from Rolling Stone and Spin, as well as Pitchfork Media Gary Hughes (born 5 July 1967, Manchester) is an English hard rock singer, songwriter and musician. Apart from his work as a solo artist, Gary Hughes is the front man and main songwriter of Hard Rock/Melodic The Saturdays are British girl group formed in London, England in 2006, consisting of members Una Healy, Mollie King, Frankie Sandford, Vanessa White, Rochelle Wiseman. They made their recording debut Uncle Bonsai is an American contemporary folk trio of Bennington College graduates living in Seattle, Washington. They announced they had disbanded in 1989, but have continued to perform and record occasionally. Matthew Scott ""Matt"" Giraud (born May 11, 1985) is a dueling piano player from Kalamazoo, Michigan and the fifth place finalist of the eighth season of the reality television series American Idol. Hazen Street (also known as Hazen St. ) is a supergroup that formed in early 2004. The band features Freddy Cricien and Hoya of New York hardcore band Madball; Toby Morse of melodic hardcore band H2O; Amon Amarth is a Swedish melodic death metal band from Tumba, founded in 1988, and is named after an alternative name for Mount Doom, a location in J. R. R. Tolkien's Middle-earth. The band comprises Veto Silver was a synthpop band from the United Kingdom. It was made up of Ben Silver (vocals), Neal Silver (guitars), and Patrick Silver (synthesizers and samplers). The band officially called it quits, Pretty Maids are a Danish heavy metal band from Horsens, Denmark. Formed in 1981 by Ronnie Atkins and Ken Hammer. Their sound and music can be described as classic guitar-laden heavy rock with a strong Snow Patrol are an alternative rock band from Northern Ireland, United Kingdom. Formed at the University of Dundee in 1994, the band is now based in Glasgow. The band's first three records, the EP Starfighter Dinosaur Jr. is an American alternative rock band formed in Amherst, Massachusetts in 1984. Originally called Dinosaur, prior to legal issues that forced the group to change their name, the band disbanded Tiziano Ferro (born February 21, 1980 in Latina) is an Italian latin pop singer. He also records Spanish versions of his Italian albums. Ferro has sold more than eight million albums worldwide. Sonic Youth is an American rock band from New York City, formed in 1981. The current lineup consists of Thurston Moore, Kim Gordon, Lee Ranaldo (vocals and guitar), Steve Shelley, Mark Ibold (bass, guitar) Courtney Michelle Love (born Courtney Michelle Harrison; July 9, 1964) is an American rock musician and actress. Love is primarily known as lead singer, guitarist and lyricist for alternative rock band Sarah Alison Solovay (born March 30, 1994) is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist who opened for John Mayer and Train on Mayer's ""Battle Studies Tour"" in Scranton, PA in July 2010. Sarah was also Sara Helena Lumholdt is a Swedish pop singer. Lumholdt was born to a Swedish father, and a half Turkish, half Filipino Mother. Lumholdt is a former member of the Swedish quartet A*Teens who started out Cobra Skulls Origin Reno, Nevada, United States Genres Punk rock Years active 2005-present Labels Fat Wreck Chords Red Scare Industries Website www. cobraskulls. com Members Devin PeraltaAdam Beck Luke Johnny Truant was a British, Brighton-based metalcore band, formed in 2000 under the name Severance. The band recorded 3 demos under this moniker before renaming themselves after the lead character of Kyau &amp; Albert is the working name for two trance music producers and DJs from Germany named Ralph Kyau and Steven Moebius Albert. They were formerly known as Kyau vs. Albert but changed their working Critical Bill is a rap rock group signed under Westbound Records and SMC. Powerdise is the lead singer while the band plays the drums and guitar, the band has a DJ as well. Villebillies [VILL-BILL-EEZ VILL-BILL-EEZ] is an American band from Louisville, Kentucky. The band released their self-titled debut record on September 26 2006 through Universal Motown Records. Villebillies Soul II Soul are a British group that was created in London at the end of the 1980s. They are best known for their 1989 UK chart-topper and U.S. Top 5 hit, ""Back to Life (However Do You Want Me)"". Despised Icon is a Canadian deathcore band from Montreal, Quebec. Formed in 2002, the band is noted for the use of two vocalists; Alexandre Erian, takes use of a mid-range screaming technique, and Steve Gregory Walter Graffin (born November 6, 1964 in Racine, Wisconsin) is an American punk rock musician and college professor. He is most recognized as the lead vocalist and songwriter of the noted Los Kid Theodore is an American indie-pop band based in Los Angeles, California. Originally from Salt Lake City, Utah with a reputation for drawing from a wide range of genres and musical styles, the band Haste The Day is a Christian metalcore band signed with Solid State Records from Carmel, Indiana, formed in 2001. Their band is named after a lyric in the hymn ""It Is Well With My Soul"". Kina Grannis (born August 4, 1985) is an American guitarist and singer-songwriter. Grannis was the winner of the Doritos Crash the Super Bowl contest. As a result of winning, she earned a recording contract Young Knives are an English indie rock band from Ashby-de-la-Zouch, Leicestershire. The name is based on a misunderstanding of ""young knaves"", which was found by the band when rummaging through a book. Marc Anthony (born Marco Antonio Muñiz; September 16, 1968) is a Puerto Rican-American musician, singer-songwriter, actor and producer. Anthony is the top selling tropical salsa artist of all time. The Deborah Ann ""Debbie"" Harry (born July 1, 1945) is an American singer-songwriter and actress, most famous for being the lead singer for the New Wave band Blondie. She has also had success as a solo artist, Stoneground was a rock band formed in 1970 in Concord, California. Originally a trio, Stoneground expanded to a 10-piece band by the time of their eponymous 1971 debut album. The group appeared in two Craig Ashley David (born 5 May 1981) is an English UK Garage singer. He has released five studio albums: Born To Do It, Slicker Than Your Average, The Story Goes... , Trust Me, Signed Sealed Delivered The Strokes are an American rock band formed in 1998 in New York City. They rose to fame in the early 2000s as leaders in the garage rock revival. The band's members are Julian Casablancas, Nick Valensi, The Pillows (styled as the pillows) are a Japanese alternative rock band. During their long-running career, the group has released more than a dozen original studio albums, along with several EPs, singles The Gaskets was an American synth-pop/rock duo formed in Richmond, Virginia in 2001 by Teddy Blanks and Ross Harman. Known for their frenetic stage presence and high-energy songs, Gaskets released two Ariadna Thalía Sodi Miranda (born August 26, 1971), known simply as Thalía, is a Mexican singer, actress, and Latin Grammy Award nominee. Her name is linked to soap operas which made her famous worldwide. Leona Louise Lewis (born 3 April 1985) is a British pop and R&amp;B singer–songwriter. Lewis rose to fame during the third series of the British television series The X Factor, which she went on to win. Mr. Children, in Japanese ""Misutaa Chirudoren"", commonly called ""Misuchiru"", is a Japanese rock band formed in 1988 by Kazutoshi Sakurai, Kenichi Tahara, Keisuke Nakagawa, and Hideya Suzuki. As a group, Sunz of Man is a Wu-Tang Clan affiliated group that currently consists of Prodigal Sunn, Hell Razah, 60 Second Assassin, Shabazz the Disciple and Killah Priest. The group's first incarnation also included Robert John Arthur ""Rob"" Halford (born 25 August 1951) is an English singer-songwriter, who is best known as the lead vocalist for the Grammy Award-winning heavy metal band Judas Priest. He is nicknamed IllScarlett (styled as illScarlett) is a four-member band from Mississauga, Ontario, Canada. Their sound can be defined as pop infused rock reggae. They have made a name for themselves in the Canadian Darkwood Dub are an alternative rock band from Belgrade, Serbia, which, formed in 1988, gradually grew to prominence on the Serbian rock scene. Their music is characterized by gentle bass lines, a mixture Another Level were a British soul and R&amp;B influenced quartet, active in the late 1990s. The members were Mark Baron born 17 August 1974, Dane Bowers born 29 November 1979, Bobak Kianoush born 1 November The Frank and Walters are an alternative rock band from Cork, Ireland. The band was founded in 1990 by Paul Linehan, his brother Niall Linehan (replaced by Kevin Pedreschi in 2004) and Ashley Keating. The Lancashire Hotpots are a comedy folk band from St Helens, Lancashire, England, formed in December 2006. The members are Bernard Thresher (vocals, guitar, drums), Dickie Ticker (accordion, hand percussion) Yuri (born Yuridia Valenzuela Canseco on January 6, 1964) is a famous Mexican singer, actress, and TV host. She has maintained a significant presence in the entertainment business in Mexico for the last Salem is an Israeli extreme metal band, pioneers of the oriental metal movement and of the Israeli heavy metal scene in general. Much of their lyrics and music deals with political issues concerning the Francesca Battistelli (born May 18, 1985) is a Christian musician from New York City, New York. She was originally an independent artist and had released an independent album, Just a Breath, in 2004. The Show is the Rainbow is a novelty music act from Lincoln, NE, A.K. A Darren Keen, formerly of 3 Day Meat Sale and Musico. For much of 2006, The Show is the Rainbow toured as a three-piece, with Javid The Black Box Revelation, also known as the BBR, is a Belgian garage rock band from Dilbeek. It was formed in 2005 by vocalist and guitarist Jan Paternoster and drummer Dries Van Dijck. The band achieved Spencer McGarry Season is a project by songwriter Spencer McGarry to record and perform 6 albums in 6 different styles. The project was borne from both a wealth of material and indecision over what musical Florence and the Machine (often stylised as Florence + the Machine) is the recording name of British pop artist Florence Welch and a collaboration of other artists who provide backing music for her voice. Youngstown is the name of a boy band which was started circa 1998. The band is named for their hometown, Youngstown, Ohio. The band's single ""I'll Be Your Everything"", featured on the Inspector Gadget The Smashing Pumpkins is an American band that formed in Chicago, Illinois in 1988. Formed by Billy Corgan (vocals, guitar) and James Iha (guitar, backing vocals), the band has included D'arcy Wretzky Blitz is a Brazilian rock band. The band was the first to achieve mainstream success and to have hit singles (Você não soube me amar, A dois passos do paraíso, Ana Maria) kick-starting the 1980s movement Clap Your Hands Say Yeah (often abbreviated CYHSY) is an American indie rock group based in Brooklyn, New York and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Their debut album, Clap Your Hands Say Yeah, was self-released Bleach (known as Bleach03 in North America) is an all girl Okinawa thrashcore jazz trio. On June 10, 2009, Bleach announced on their website that they have disbanded. Their final album, Bleach Stone, Annihilator are a Canadian heavy metal band formed in 1984 by the leader and only permanent member, vocalist, guitarist and bassist Jeff Waters but also Dave Padden became a permanent member of Annihilator City of a Hundred Spires is a Ottawa, Canada-based band. The band's name is considered by some to be the nickname of the Czech Republic city Prague. Their sound can be described as instrumental rock. Portion Control is a British electronic and industrial band from South London. The band calls its music style electropunk or hard rhythmic electronics. They are one of the most famous obscure electronic Stars of Track and Field is a three-piece indie pop band from Portland, Oregon, currently on the Wind-Up Records label. Their name is in reference to the Belle and Sebastian song of the same name found Tinted Windows is an American rock supergroup formed by guitarist James Iha, previously of The Smashing Pumpkins, singer Taylor Hanson of Hanson, bassist Adam Schlesinger of Fountains of Wayne and Ivy, The Dismemberment Plan was a Washington D.C. based indie rock band formed on January 1, 1993. Also known as D-Plan or The Plan, the name comes from a stray phrase uttered by insurance salesman Ned Ryerson Briar Rose is a traditional heavy metal band from Swansea, Massachusetts. The band's name is taken from the title of the variant story of Sleeping Beauty by the Brothers Grimm, Briar Rose. The idea of Jaguares is a Mexican alternative rock band formed by former Caifanes lead singer Saúl Hernández, after that band's break-up in 1995, because of personal differences with the Guitarist Alejandro Marcovich. Afterlife is UK chillout producer/writer/remixer Steve Miller. He has had a number of tracks on the Cafe Del Mar series. Rachel Lloyd was one of the earliest vocalists on Miller's albums, including the Nuttin' But Stringz, also known as N.B.S. , consists of brothers Damien and Tourie Escobar who both play violin. The musicians from Jamaica, Queens play a blend of classical music, hip-hop, jazz and R Mindless Self Indulgence is an American synthpunk musical group formed in New York in 1997. Their music has a mixed style including punk rock, alternative rock, electronica, hip-hop, and industrial. Due North Sea Radio Orchestra (generally abbreviated to NSRO) is a British contemporary music ensemble and cross-disciplinary chamber orchestra. Set up mainly as a vehicle for the compositions of its musical Heaven &amp; Hell were an English and American heavy metal rock group active from 2006 to 2010. The band was a collaboration featuring Black Sabbath members Tony Iommi and Geezer Butler along with former Die Fantastischen Vier, also known as Fanta 4, is a German hip hop group from Stuttgart, Germany. The members are Michael Bernd Schmidt alias Smudo, Andreas Rieke alias And. Ypsilon, Thomas Dürr alias Five-Eight is a band from Athens, Georgia. Five-Eight is known for their energetic live shows, but has recorded six Compact Discs since 1992. They have toured with REM (fall 2004) and have performed with One Man Army was a punk rock band that was formed in San Francisco, California, in 1996 and separated in 2005. The band was discovered by Billie Joe Armstrong while playing in an East Bay club, and their Love is a Japanese pop/R&amp;B vocal duo, produced by Hiro of Exile's production agency, LDH. They debuted in 2009 with the single ""First Love: Love Letter. "" Their song ""Tada Hitotsu no Negai Sae"" was The Russian Futurists are a Canadian indie pop band based in Toronto. Their music can be described as lo-fi, indie-electronica fused with a twee-pop temperament. Although they initially had only one member, Stacey Jackson, is a Canadian singer and mother of four living in London, England, and dubbed the 'Soccermom Rockermom'. She is married to British-American businessman, Henry Jackson, and she is the Executive La Toya Yvonne Jackson (born May 29, 1956) is an American singer-songwriter, musician, author, television personality, actress, businesswoman, activist and former model . She is the fifth child of the KSM were an American all-girl teen rock band from Los Angeles, California that was active from 2006 to 2010. The band consisted of lead singer Shelby Cobra, lead guitarist Shae Padilla, rhythm guitarist Devendra Obi Banhart (born May 30, 1981) is a singer-songwriter and visual artist. Banhart was born in Houston, Texas and was raised by his mother in Venezuela, until he returned to California as a teenager. Warren Stacey (born Warren Jituboh) is a British singer from London who came into prominence on the UK television show Popstars, the reality programme that created the pop band Hear'Say. Despite not making Raising the Fawn is a Canadian indie rock band, with its roots in Toronto. The band is composed of John Crossingham (who is also a member of Broken Social Scene), Scott Remila and Dylan Green. The band Kinky is a five member band from Monterrey, Nuevo Leon, Mexico formed in 1998. It consists of members Gilberto Cerezo, Ulises Lozano, Carlos Chairez, Omar Góngora, and Cesar Pliego. The band's music takes The Huntingtons are a punk band from Baltimore, Maryland which formed in 1993-1994 in the Maryland/Delaware area by Cliff Powell (aka Cliffy Huntington), Mike Holt (aka Mikey Huntington) and Mike Pierce Ashley ""Ellyllon"" Jurgemeyer is an American pianist, keyboardist and songwriter for the bands Cradle of Filth, Orbs and was the former pianist of the symphonic black metal band Abigail Williams. The Spotnicks is an instrumental rock group from Sweden, who were formed in 1961. They were famous for wearing ""space suit"" costumes on stage, and for their innovative electronic guitar sound. They have The Soft Boys were a neo-psychedelia and post-punk band from Cambridge, England often associated with the early punk rock movement. The band formed in 1976 as Dennis and the Experts and featured Robyn B12 are a British electronic music duo consisting of Mike Golding and Steve Rutter. First appearing in the early 1990s under a variety of monikers, including Musicology, Redcell and Cmetric, the duo were Daniel Lioneye is a side project band from the popular Finnish group HIM. Early on, the band produced hard rock/sleaze rock with blues-based guitar solos throughout. The band has currently shifted its Swahili Blonde is an experimental musical project formed in Los Angeles, California in 2009. Founded by former 'WEAVE!' drummer and vocalist Nicole Turley, violinist and bassist Laena Myers-Ionita, Duran The Red Chord is an American grindcore band from Revere, Massachusetts, formed in 1999. The band comprises vocalist Guy Kozowyk, guitarist Mike ""Gunface"" McKenzie, bassist Greg Weeks and drummer Mike Ablaze My Sorrow was a melodic death metal band from Falkenberg, Sweden. The group formed in 1993, released three full-length albums for No Fashion Records through several lineup changes, and received Kara (카라, often stylized as KARA) is a girl group from South Korea signed with Daesung Entertainment (DSP). The band name Kara comes from the Greek Word ""chara"" (χαρά, lit. ""joy""), which the group interpreted The Bloodsugars are a Brooklyn-based indie rock band, composed of Jason Rabinowitz, Brendan O'Grady, Matt Katz, and Kenneth Salters. Rabinowitz is the primary singer and songwriter in the band. David Sigur Rós is an Icelandic post-rock band with melodic, classical, and minimalist elements. The band is known for its ethereal sound and lead singer Jónsi Birgisson's falsetto. In January 2010, the band Whiskey Falls is an American country music group composed of Seven Williams, Wally Brandt Damon Johnson (guitar, vocals), and Buck Johnson (lead vocals, guitar, keyboards). Damon Johnson was once a member , usually stylized as ""L'Arc~en~Ciel"", is a Japanese rock band that formed in 1991. The group has sold over 13 million albums, 16 million singles, and millions of other units, including videos. They were The Paperboys (sometimes billed and credited as Tom Landa and the Paperboys) are a Canadian folk music band from Vancouver that formed in 1991. The Paperboys blend Celtic folk with bluegrass, Mexican, Sweatshop Union is a Canadian hip hop collective formed in 2000 when four politically-minded rap acts—Dirty Circus, Pigeon Hole, Innocent Bystanders, and solo artist Kyprios—came together ""to create a Caitlin Crosby (born in California) is a singer-songwriter and actress. Crosby began playing music in church bands during junior high school. Prior to becoming a musician, Crosby worked as an actress White Wizzard are an American heavy metal band from Los Angeles, California, formed in 2007. The band has released two EP's and an album, Over the Top released in 2010. The Pacifica Quartet is an internationally recognized string quartet based in Urbana-Champaign, Illinois, where they are faculty members at the University of Illinois. Its members are: Simin Ganatra, No. 2 was an alternative rock band that originated in Portland, Oregon in 1998. Consisting of Neil Gust, Gilly Ann Hanner (bass, backing vocals; later to be replaced by Jim Talstra), and Paul Pulvirenti. The Visible Men are an American pop rock band formed in 1999, composed of Dustin Lanker (vocals, keyboards), Dan Schmid (bass guitar), Jordan Glenn (drums) and later Jimi Russel (guitar). Paint is a Canadian rock band based in Toronto, originally formed in Vancouver, in 2001, comprising Robb Johannes (vocal/guitar), Mandy Dunbar (guitar/vocals), Marcus Warren (bass), and Andre Dey (drums). Mÿon &amp; Shane 54 is a trance music duo of producers and DJs from Hungary named Márió Égető (Mÿon) and Előd Császár. They recorded music as individual musicians until they teamed up in 2008. The New York Dolls is an American rock band, formed in New York in 1971. In 2004 the band reformed with three of their original members, two of whom, David Johansen and Sylvain Sylvain, continue on today The Flamingos are a doo wop group from the United States, most popular in the mid to late 1950s and best known for their 1959 cover version of ""I Only Have Eyes for You"". Pork is an Argentine post-grunge band founded in 2002 by the Bar Rabia twins. The band members are Cesar Bar Rabia on vocals, Ton Bar Rabia on guitar, Nino Conde on guitar, David Ortiz on bass, and Paulo Futon is an international band based in Bangkok, Thailand. Gene &amp; Oh are both from Thailand. Bee and Simon are both from England. Futon was started by Bee and David Coker (also British), who were The Cool Kids is an American hip hop group. Consisting of rappers Antoine ""Sir Michael Rocks"" Reed and Evan ""Chuck Inglish"" Ingersoll, the group is based in Chicago, Illinois and Detroit, Michigan. Self-described HankS are a British rock music duo consisting of vocalist/guitarist Pavel Salgado and drummer Simon Bowker. They were formed in London, UK in early 2009. Their debut album HankS was released on November William Ray ""Billy Ray"" Cyrus (born August 25, 1961) is an American country music singer, songwriter and actor, that helped make the country music a worldwide phenomenon. He has released eleven studio The Cesarians are a London-based group consisting of singer Charlie Finke, pianist Justine Armatage, drummer Jan Noble and a three-woman wind section. Their eponymous debut album, Cesarians 1, was recorded Pito Pérez is a Mexican rock band originary from Guadalajara, Mexico. The band took its name from the novel La vida inútil de Pito Pérez from Mexican author José Rúben Romero. They started out playing ARK is a progressive metal band from Norway resulting from the friendship and musical collaboration of guitarist Tore Østby and drummer John Macaluso, who later joined up with singer Jørn Lande to record The Berzerker is an extreme metal band from Melbourne, Australia and was formed in 1995. The band's music, heavily influenced by older death metal and grindcore, can be characterized as a fusion of these The Carnations were a Canadian indie rock band started in 1995 by Thomas D'Arcy on lead vocals and bass, and Steve Krecklo on vocals and guitar. It expanded in 1996 to include Nathan Rekker on guitar Minisztár is a Hungarian pop group formed in 2000 by Polyákovics Georgina, Gonda Vivien, and Takács Márk. The band has released two albums to date, as well as a video DVD. The group is one of the many Innerpartysystem is an American dance band. The group consists of Patrick Nissley, Jared Piccone and Kris Barman. Explaining the origins of the band name, Piccone is quoted as saying: ""In George Orwell's Vanessa Karen White (born 30 October 1989) is an English pop singer and songwriter. She became successful in 2008 as the lead singer of girl group The Saturdays. The youngest member of the band, she is Fried are a band made up of US soul singer Jonte Short, and ex-The Beat and Fine Young Cannibals guitarist David Steele. David Steele looked for a singer for his new project away from The Beat and Fine Newham Generals are an East London based grime duo consisting of MCs D Double E and Footsie with live DJing provided by DJ Tubby. Founded in 2003, after splitting from grime collective N.A.S.T. Y Crew Texas in July is an American metalcore band from Ephrata, Pennsylvania. The band formed in 2007, currently with members ranging in ages from 18 to 20. They are currently signed to Equal Vision Records. Everyday Sunday is a band from Columbus, Ohio made up of Trey Pearson (founding member), Micah Kuiper, Tyler Craft, and Nick Spencer. The old band released 2 CDs on Flicker Records including Stand Up Gnarls Barkley is an American musical group collaboration between multi-instrumentalist and producer Danger Mouse (Brian Burton) from New York, and rapper/vocalist Cee Lo Green (Thomas Callaway), from Plastilina Mosh is a Mexican alternative rock group from Monterrey, México. Jonás González is the lead singer and guitar player. Alejandro Rosso is more involved with the creative process, providing most In Case of Fire are a British alternative rock band from Portadown, Northern Ireland, formed in 2005. The original line up consists of lead vocalist and guitarist Steven Robinson, bassist Mark Williamson American Juniors is a reality television series that broadcasted on the Fox Network as a spin-off of American Idol, created by Simon Fuller and 19 Television, FremantleMedia, directed by Bruce Gowers Lowry is a Brooklyn-based indie rock band with members originally hailing from Kansas, New Zealand, Australia, North Carolina and Canada. Originally emerging from New York City's ""anti-folk"" scene, the Zeke is an American hardcore punk band from Seattle, Washington formed in 1993. They are known for their extremely fast, energetic guitar sound. Zeke mixes this with strong influences from hard rock, Broadway Calls is a punk rock band from Rainier, Oregon. The band has released two records and toured the United States and Canada extensively and often. More recently the band has completed tours in Won Mississippi is an alternative post hardcore band based in Berwick-Upon-Tweed, UK. The group, which formed in 2001, consists of Patrick Baird (vocals), Rob Wilkinson (guitars), Dan Richards (bass) The Voodoo Jets are a power trio from Southern Connecticut who play power pop/rock music without electric guitars. The instrument line-up includes keyboards, bass guitar, and drums. The band was formed Buffalo Killers are an American rock band comprising guitarist and vocalist Andrew Gabbard, bass guitarist and vocalist Zachary Gabbard and drummer Joseph Sebaali. The band was formed in Cincinnati, Ohio, Vile Imbeciles are an alternative rock band from Brighton &amp; Hove, England. In their current incarnation they consist of Andy Huxley (guitar/vocals), Caspian Rospigliosi (guitar/vocals), Evan Reinhold Anvil is a Canadian heavy metal band comprising Steve ""Lips"" Kudlow, Robb Reiner, and Glenn Five. To date, the band has released thirteen studio albums, and has been cited as having influenced many notable Terror Syndrome is a Canadian metal band formed by drummer Ryan Van Poederooyen in Vancouver, British Columbia in 2006. Initially announced as a Van Poederooyen solo project, it grew into a dedicated Jermaine La Jaune Jackson (born December 11, 1954) is an American singer, bassist, composer, a member of The Jackson 5, older brother of American pop stars Michael Jackson and Janet Jackson and occasional Soopa Villainz was an American hip hop supergroup based in Detroit, Michigan. Formed in 2002, the group consisted of Lavel (Mr. Heart), Joseph Bruce (Mr. Diamond), Esham (Mr. Spade) and Joseph Utsler Civet is an all-girl punk rock band from Long Beach, California. The self-described “femme fatale punk rock” band made a breakthrough after signing with Hellcat Records and releasing their first album Tarja Turunen (born 17 August 1977), full name Tarja Soile Susanna Turunen Cabuli, is a Finnish singer-songwriter, pianist and composer, full operatic lyric mezzo-soprano. Her work includes three solo Blood Red Throne is a death metal band from Kristiansand, Norway. They released their fourth full-length album, Come Death, on 27 August 2007. The band features guitarist Tchort, primarily of Emperor OMC, or Otara Millionaires Club, was a music group from Auckland, New Zealand best known for their 1996 hit ""How Bizarre"" which was named as one of the greatest New Zealand songs of all time by the Australasian Obi were a British indie-pop group. Their debut mini-album, The Magic Land of Radio, had only eight tracks and was released in 2002. They followed up with a full time album, Diceman Lopez, produced by Blazer is a Canadian indie rock band from Ottawa, Ontario that formed in 2006. The group consists of vocalist Marley McRae, guitarist Ronnie Abou-Abssi, keyboardist Cal Cheney, rhythm guitarist Cameron Trouble is an American doom metal band noted as one of the pioneers of their genre, alongside bands such as Candlemass and Saint Vitus. The band created a distinct style taking influences of the British Hacia Dos Veranos (Towards Two Summers in English) is an Argentinian post-rock band born in 2005 as a project of two friends who moved to Buenos Aires to study. The band released in August 2005 an EP K-Space are a British-Siberian experimental electroacoustic improvisation music ensemble comprising Scottish percussionist Ken Hyder, English multi-instrumentalist Tim Hodgkinson, and Siberian percussionist Bubbles is a Swedish girl group, also known as BLESS. The group's original lineup consisted of lead singer Mari Caroline Ljungström (born June 26, 1987), twin sisters Patricia and Sandra Joxelius (born The Stiff Richards are an American rock band originally from Eureka, CA. The Stiff Richards made their live debut with Mr. Bungle's live debut at the Bayside Grange in Bayside, CA in 1985. The members Alessandro Safina (born October 14, 1963) is an Italian operatic tenor. Born in Siena, Italy, Safina's love of opera was encouraged early in life by his mother encouraged his eagerness. His father was Global Communication is an electronic music act, composed of Tom Middleton and Mark Pritchard. Their debut LP, 76:14 is one of the most acclaimed albums from the ambient music genre and from 1990s electronic The James Taylor Quartet are a British four-piece jazz funk band who have become renowned for their live performances. They were formed by Hammond organ player James Taylor following the break-up of his Lismore is a electronic music group formed by vocalist Penelope Trappes and composer/instrumentalist Stephen Hindman in 2004. The group uses both live instruments and programmed beats to achieve their Stacy Ann Ferguson (born March 27, 1975), better known by her stage name Fergie, is an American singer-songwriter, rapper, fashion designer and actress. She was a member of the children's television series Leningrad were a Russian ska punk band from Saint Petersburg (formerly Leningrad). They disbanded in late 2008. Composed of 14 members, the band appeared in the late 1990s around singer Sergey ""Shnur"" Oh No Forest Fires was a Canadian indie pop band from Toronto and nearby Brampton, Ontario, formed in 2007 and disbanded in 2010. The group's members were singer-guitarist Rajiv Thavanathan, guitarist-singer Cartel is a five-member American pop rock band from Conyers, Georgia that formed in 2003. The band is best known for their single ""Honestly"", featured on their 2005 debut album Chroma, and for their 2007 Aimée Ann Duffy (born 23 June 1984), known as Duffy, is a Welsh singer-songwriter and occasional actress. Her 2008 debut album Rockferry entered the UK Album Chart at number one. It was the best-selling Late 80's Mercedes is a New Zealand swing-funk nonet, formed in 2000. They experienced their first chart success in January 2010 with their self-titled debut extended play disc Late 80's Mercedes released Christopher Alexander Bowes is the vocalist and keytarist of the Scottish power metal band Alestorm. He also plays keyboards in Splen and drums in The Flamin' Guffs and The Foetals. The Ex is an underground band from the Netherlands. They formed in 1979 at the height of the original punk explosion and have released more than twenty full length albums since. Known as an anarcho-punk Jaime Luis Gómez (born July 14, 1975) better known by his stage name Taboo, is an American musician and actor best known as a member of the hip-hop group The Black Eyed Peas. Taboo got his nickname because Christopher Anton (born 21 July), is an American singer and songwriter. Anton is known for being the vocalist of the Synthpop band Information Society, as well as the synth rock band Pseudocipher. Recently, On Fire is a rock band from Boston, Massachusetts. In the spring of 2003 Boston local/national indie rock favorites The Burning Paris hit a creative lull while writing the follow up to their second release The Blank Theory was a five-piece rock group from Chicago, Illinois. They self-released two albums, Blinding Process in 1998 and Catalyst in 2000. Catalyst included the track ""Nevermind"" which was featured Sublime with Rome is a collaboration between Eric Wilson and Bud Gaugh of Sublime and Rome Ramirez. Vocalist and guitarist Rome Ramirez had previously performed with Wilson and Gaugh occasionally, including All Systems Go! is an American punk rock group, and features members of Big Drill Car, Doughboys, the Asexuals and The Carnations. The band was formed after Frank Daly and Mark Arnold's previous band I'm from Barcelona is a pop group from Jönköping, Sweden, best known for its 29 band members and eclectic mix of instruments such as clarinets, saxophones, flutes, trumpets, banjos, accordions, kazoos, Voodoo Glow Skulls are an American ska punk band formed in 1988 in Riverside, California by brothers Frank, Eddie and Jorge Casillas and their longtime friend Jerry O'Neill. Voodoo Glow Skulls first played Azrael is a black metal band from Minnesota, USA, formed by Lord Samaiza and Algol in 1999. In 2000, their first demo tape entitled ""Virulent Darkness"" was self-released by the band. In 2001, their second The Ark is a Swedish glam rock band formed in 1991 by Ola Salo, Mikael Jepson, and Lasse ”Leari” Ljungberg, when Ola Salo and Leari were only fourteen years old. Martin Axén officially joined the band Maria Bethânia Vianna Telles Veloso, better known as Maria Bethânia, is a singer and sister of Caetano Veloso. She started her career in Rio de Janeiro in 1964 with the show ""Opinião"" (""Opinion""). Due Johnny Hates Jazz are an English New Romantic band, formed in 1986 by Clark Datchler (vocals, keyboards, guitar), Calvin Hayes (keyboards, drums), and the American Mike Nocito (bass). In April 1987 they Blondie is an American rock band, founded by singer Debbie Harry and guitarist Chris Stein. The band was a pioneer in the early American new wave and punk scenes of the mid-1970s. Their first two albums The Paper Cranes are a Canadian indie pop band from Victoria, British Columbia. The band is composed of the husband and wife duo of Ryan McCullagh (Guitar,Bass,Vocals) and Miranda Roach (Keyboard,Drum The Lovely Feathers are a Canadian indie rock band formed in 2004 from Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The band toured with Metric in late 2005. Their first release was an independent release titled My Best Stream of Passion is a progressive metal band with symphonic metal and gothic metal influences founded by Arjen Anthony Lucassen and Marcela Bovio. Because the musicians in the band lived thousands of The Swell Season is a folk rock duo formed by Irish musician Glen Hansard and Czech singer and pianist Markéta Irglová. ""The Swell Season"" name is derived from Hansard's favourite novel by Josef Škvorecký Emanuel is a four-piece rock band from Louisville Kentucky, United States. They formed in 1998 under their lesser-known name Emanuel Nice and appeared on four releases, before getting signed to Vagrant Trooper is a Juno Award winning Canadian rock band that developed from a group formed by vocalist Ramon McGuire and guitarist Brian Smith in 1975. The group is best known for its Canadian hits: ""Raise Brigadier Ambrose are an alternative pop band from Chatham, England. After releasing a series of digital only singles, the band released their debut album Fuzzo on CD in early 2010 through their own Brigadier Winter's Verge is a power metal band formed in Nicosia, Cyprus in 2004. They have released one demo EP and one demo album both entitled Another Life... Another End. Their latest album entitled Eternal McQueen is a rock band from Brighton, England, formed in 2004. They have released one album (Break The Silence) on Demolition Records. McQueen has toured all over Europe and played shows in the USA and Kirsten Rosenberg is an American female singer, currently with the all-female tribute band The Iron Maidens. She is also the co-owner of Sticky Fingers, an all-vegan bakery in Washington, D.C. and an Danzig is an American heavy metal band, formed in 1987 in Lodi, New Jersey. The band serves as a musical outlet for the singer/songwriter Glenn Danzig. Danzig can be seen as the third stage in Glenn Danzig's Monarchy are a British synthpop duo, originally from Australia, but now based in London. They are signed to Mercury Records. In November 2009, the band featured as ""Band of the Day"" on Guardian. co. uk. The Funeral Pyre is an American blackened death metal band from La Habra, California, United States. The band has released three studio albums, two EPs, and two split 7"" albums, and consists of guitarists Heaven Shall Burn is a German heavy metal band from Saalfeld, formed in 1996. They combine an aggressive metal sound with lyrics that show a militant support of anti-racism and fighting social injusti Naked in Black! were an English band active from 2003-2007, who released three EPs, two chart singles and gained popularity through a leaked demo. They also played shows in England and Europe, and shared Electro Quarterstaff is an instrumental Heavy Metal band hailing from Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. They play a form of progressive/technical Heavy Metal and are unique in that they employ three lead guitarists. Candygram For Mongo (sometimes know as C4M) is a rock and roll band based in Los Angeles, California. The band name refers to a quote from the Mel Brooks Movie Blazing Saddles. Fresno is a Brazilian emo band formed in Porto Alegre in 1999. Currently, members are Lucas Silveira, Rodrigo Tavares, Gustavo Mantovani and Bell Ruschell. Already have 6 albums, the most famous being Scars on Broadway is an American rock band, founded by System of a Down members Daron Malakian and John Dolmayan. The band's eponymous debut album was released on July 29, 2008. In late 2008, the band The group Los Cañoneros was created on November 20, 1982, is a popular Venezuelan cañonero group, as soon as several of their members participated in the play “La Verdadera Historia de Alma Llanera”, Six Going On Seven was a pop band from Boston, Massachusetts. Members included Josh English (vocals/bass), James Bransford (guitar) and Will Bartlett (drums). During their career they recorded three full-length The Operation M.D. (formerly The Operation) is a Canadian rock band created by Dr. Dynamite and Dr. Rocco as a side project to their other bands. The band's debut album We Have an Emergency was released Skybox is an American indie pop quintet that formed in Tempe, Arizona in 2005. After singer Tim Ellis moved from Missouri to Tempe with bassist Johnny Kenepaske, they soon formed a trio with drummer Aurelio The Ultramagnetic MC's is a hip hop group made up of Kool Keith, Ced Gee, TR Love, and Moe Love. Tim Dog became an unofficial member in 1989. In 1990, DJ Jaycee was added as Roadmanager and backup DJ. Aranda is a rock band from Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. The band is composed of Dameon Aranda, Gabe Aranda, Chad Roper and Mike Walker. They are currently signed to Astonish Records. Týr,, is a band from the Faroe Islands which plays a combination of heavy metal and folk music, with strong progressive metal elements. Their subject matter revolves almost entirely around old Nordic Far East Movement (abbreviated FM) is an electro hop and electronic dance rap quartet based in Los Angeles, California, created in 2003. Members Kev Nish, Prohgress, J-Splif, and DJ Virman represent different Two Hours Traffic is a Canadian indie rock band, based in Charlottetown, Prince Edward Island. They are named after a line in the prologue to Shakespeare’s Romeo and Juliet. Although often described as is a Japan-based heavy metal band formed in 1981 by guitarist Akira Takasaki and drummer Munetaka Higuchi. They were the first Japanese heavy metal act signed to a major label in the United States, releasing Three Days Grace is a Canadian rock band, formed in Norwood, Ontario, Canada, in 1992, under the name Groundswell. After a breakup in late 1997, the band regrouped in 1997 under its current name and with Vibe (바이브) is a South Korean R&amp;B group. They released their first album in 2002 as a trio of two male singers (Yoon Min Soo and Ryu Jae Hyun) and a rapper (Yoo Sung Gyu). Their first single ""Miwuhdo Trial is an American political straight edge hardcore punk band based in Seattle, Washington. The band was active from 1995 until 2000. They reunited for three reunion shows in Seattle, London, and Budapest Rachel Sage Piña-Trachtenburg (born December 10, 1993 in Seattle, Washington) is an American musician, model, singer, political and animal activist and actress from New York City. Trachtenburg is most Kings Have Long Arms (KHLA) are an English ""rocktronica"" act, formed in Sheffield and masterminded by Salford-born Adrian Flanagan (aka ""Longy""). Kings Have Long Arms have collaborated with Philip Oakey We Are the Ocean are a 5 piece post-hardcore band from London and Harlow, Essex, England. The band has played hundreds of shows since their formation, including several festivals during 2008 such as Slam Solace is a heavy metal band hailing from the Jersey Shore, United States. Formed in 1996 by the remaining members of Atlantic Records artist Godspeed, Solace is most well-known in the stoner rock genre, Chasen is a Christian rock band from Greenville, South Carolina. The band is composed of Chasen Callahan, Silver (guitar), Aaron Lord and bassist Jared Barber. Their first album was the independent release The Glorious Unseen is a Christian rock/contemporary worship band from Nashville, Tennessee. Before signing with Tooth &amp; Nail Records, lead vocalist Ben Crist wrote and played many of the band's songs The Holmes Brothers are a vocal and instrumental trio originally from Christchurch, Virginia. Mixing sounds from blues, soul, gospel, and rhythm &amp; blues, they have released nine original albums, with Codeine Velvet Club was a Scottish alternative rock band formed in 2008 by Lou Hickey and Jon Lawler. The band's debut album Codeine Velvet Club was released on 28 December 2009 in the UK and on 6 April The discography of Train, a San Franciscan pop rock band which formed in 1994, consists of five studio albums, four extended plays, seventeen singles, one live album, and two video albums. Train was first Theory of a Deadman is a Canadian rock band from Delta, British Columbia, formed in 2001. The band is currently signed to Roadrunner Records as well as Island Records. The band also includes traits of Spirits in the Sky is a casual supergroup led by Billy Corgan, frontman of The Smashing Pumpkins. The band convened, initially, in July 2009 to perform at a memorial concert for the late Sky Saxon of The Perpetrators are a rock and roll / blues band formed in 1999 from Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. Currently without a permanent drummer, they are J ""Howik"" Nowicki (guitar, vocals, drums, bass) and Ryan Trivium is an American heavy metal band from Orlando, Florida, formed in 1999. Signed to Roadrunner Records, the band has released four studio albums, eleven singles, and twelve music videos. Their latest Bodyslam is a popular Thai rock band. The band is best known by the unique voice of the leading vocal, Athiwara Khongmalai, and the band's live performance. As of 2010, Bodyslam has released five albums, Download is an electronic music group formed by Dwayne Goettel and cEvin Key of Skinny Puppy in 1994. The initial lineup also included Off &amp; Gone's Phil Western and Mark Spybey of Dead Voices on Air, José José (born José Rómulo Sosa Ortiz on February 17, 1948) is a Mexican singer. Referred in the entertainment world as ""El Príncipe de la Canción"" (The Prince of the Song), José José is best known for Hanson is an American pop rock band formed in Tulsa, Oklahoma by brothers Isaac, Taylor, and Zac Hanson. They are best known for the 1997 hit song ""MMMBop"" from their major label debut album Middle Of Hunx and His Punx is a rock and roll band from Oakland, California. Hunx, real name Seth Bogart, started the band in 2008 after years of fronting a queer-themed electro outfit called Gravy Train!!!! The Sanctity is a heavy metal band from Asheville, North Carolina, USA. They formed in 1998 and have released one album, Road to Bloodshed, on April 24, 2007. They are currently writing for a new album, with Spektr is an experimental black metal duo formed in 2000, in Paris, France. They are currently signed to Candlelight Records and have released two full-length albums to date. The bands sound is a mix Jonas Sees in Color is an American rock band from Greensboro, North Carolina composed of members John Chester, Ryan Downing, Jonathan Albright, Michael Deming, Jonathan David Owens, and Meagan Beth Plummer. Meredith Godreau is an American singer-songwriter performing under the pseudonym Gregory and the Hawk. Active since 2003, Godreau initially enjoyed independent success with 2 EPs and a full length album Cancer was a British death / thrash metal band formed in Ironbridge, Telford, Shropshire in 1988. Over the course of their career they released five full-length albums, including one for the major label Blur are an English alternative rock band. Formed in London in 1988 as Seymour, the group consists of singer Damon Albarn, guitarist Graham Coxon, bassist Alex James and drummer Dave Rowntree. Blur's Girl Authority is an American pop girl group from Massachusetts. The group consists of nine girls, ranging in ages 11 to 16. The group was established in the summer of 2005 by the group's vocal coach/executive OMEN is an American heavy metal band. The band was formed in Los Angeles, California, in 1983, by lead guitarist Kenny Powell; previously with Savage Grace (band) and signed on with Metal Blade in 1984, Bunky is the a band in San Diego, California on the Asthmatic Kitty label. Its members are Emily Joyce and Rafter Roberts. The band's name is a combination of the words ""bunny"" and ""monkey"". Dååth, often typeset as DÅÅTH and formerly known as Dirtnap or Dirt Nap, is a metal band from Atlanta, Georgia. Their music incorporates styles such as thrash metal, death metal, industrial metal, and The Jones Gang is a British rock band which was formed in 2001. The line-up includes: Rick Wills, who formerly played with Peter Frampton, Foreigner, Small Faces, Roxy Music, Bryan Ferry and David Gilmour. A.R.E. Weapons is a noise-rock band from New York City. Formed in 1999 by Matthew McAuley, Brian F. McPeck, and Ryan Noel, A.R.E. Weapons has been described as hardcore electro-rock. Their live shows Brittany Anne Murphy-Monjack (November 10, 1977 – December 20, 2009), known professionally as Brittany Murphy, was an American actress and singer. She starred in films such as Clueless, Just Married, Dutch Hall Road is an indie folk band from Blair, Nebraska, formed in 2006. Jesse Wohlman is the principal songwriter, as well as vocalist and guitarist. The other members are drummer Cal Harman, guitarist Hatcham Social are an English indie pop band who first met and formed in New Cross, London, and who have released a string of singles on indie labels since 2006, and their debut album in 2009. They are Cheer-Accident is an indie rock ensemble headed by Thymme Jones. Jones took the name of the band from a Hallmark Cards shopping display, and first formed the group in 1981 with singer Jim Drummond and Breach of Trust is a Canadian alternative rock band originally from La Ronge, Saskatchewan. The band currently consists of vocalist Marty Ballentyne, guitarist Donovan Bruyere, bass guitarist Colin Cheechoo Based in Regina, SK, Canada, The Rabid Whole (also known by the acronym TRW) is a band that plays a mixture of rock, industrial, electronica, and alternative music. On March 3, 2009 via Synthetic Sounds Magalie Vaé is the stage name of Magalie Bonneau, a French singer born on January 6, 1987 in Gonesse. She was the winner of the fifth series of the French Star Academy TV talent show. +44 was an alternative rock band formed by Blink-182 members Mark Hoppus and Travis Barker. The band also included former Transplants touring guitarist Craig Fairbaugh and the lead guitarist of The Nervous Shocking Pinks are a band formed by Nick Harte and based in Christchurch, New Zealand. Harte is an accomplished drummer, and NZ indie-scene musician. Nick Harte has previously been in New Zealand bands Sarcófago was an influential Brazilian extreme metal band. They were fronted by Sepultura's original singer, Wagner Lamounier, and Geraldo Minelli. They have been described as Brazil's most controversial Riot is an American heavy metal/hard rock band founded in New York City in 1975 by guitarist Mark Reale. Reaching a peak in popularity in the early 80`s, 90`s and again in 2006 with the release of ARMY Autopsy Torment is a Swedish oldschool death metal band, formed in 1989. The band was started by Thomas Karlsson, Autopsy Torment's frontman and singer, with Onkel on guitars. In 1991, the band became EMF (""Epsom Mad Funkers"") were a Manchester band from the United Kingdom. The band, from the Forest of Dean in Gloucestershire, came to prominence at the beginning of the 1990s. During its inital eight Mikel Erentxun (born in Caracas, 23 February 1965) is a Spanish Rock en Español singer. Formerly with the group Duncan Dhu, he started his solo career in 1992. He has released six albums as a solo artist Systems in Blue is a German pop band, with the following band members, Rolf Kohler, Michael Scholz and Detlef Wiedeke. The band members started in the beginning of 60's, working in different bands in Voom are a New Zealand band based in Auckland, based around the songwriting of Buzz Moller. The original lineup consisted of Moller, as well as Danny Manetto and Mac Macaskill. The band has been a staple Old Man Luedecke is the recording name of Juno Award-winning Canadian singer-songwriter and banjo player, Chris Luedecke, of Chester, Nova Scotia. His 2008 album, Proof of Love, won a 2009 Juno Award Faith and Desire is a Canadian band from the early 1990s whose music was a fusion of progressive rock and funk. The band's signature sound combined melody, driving rhythm, and rock guitar riffs. Initially Ambra Angiolini (born in Rome, 22 April 1977) has been an Italian showgirl and singer in the '90s. Nowadays she mainly works as an actress. Her career began in 1992, at the age of 15, when she took part Stillste Stund are a German musical group. It was formed by Oliver Uckermann and female vocalist Birgit Strunz in 1998. The lyrics are written primarily in German, supported by male and female vocals. Attack in Black is a Canadian indie rock band from Welland, Ontario. They first signed to Skate Ahead Records for their self-titled album debut in 2005. In spring 2006, they signed with Dine Alone Records. is a Japanese pop-rock/J-pop band that debuted in 1998. They record on Sony Music Entertainment Japan's Epic Records label. The band was formed in Kanagawa Prefecture in February 1999 by Hotaka Yamashita Katharine Hope McPhee (born March 25, 1984) is an American pop singer, songwriter, actress, model, and television personality. She gained fame as a contestant on the fifth season of the Fox reality show"
Category:PC_games	5830	Category:Culture/Category:Entertainment/Category:Video_games/Category:PC_games Category:Technology/Category:Equipment/Category:Office_equipment/Category:Personal_computers/Category:PC_games Category:Humanities/Category:Entertainment/Category:Video_games/Category:PC_games Category:Business/Category:Office_equipment/Category:Personal_computers/Category:PC_games Category:Society/Category:Entertainment/Category:Video_games/Category:PC_games	"The Continuum is an online strategy game that combines turn-based war gaming with role-playing game-like character development and the collectability of a tabletop miniatures game. It takes place in the is a Japanese romance visual novel developed by KID for the Dreamcast and PlayStation consoles. It is the second game in the Memories Off series. The game was released for the PlayStation Portable on Magicland Dizzy is a platform adventure game published in Europe in 1990 by Codemasters for the ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64 and Amiga platforms. By 1992 there were also DOS, Atari ST and Amstrad CPC versions Beyond Divinity is a computer role-playing game which followed up on Divine Divinity created by Larian Studios and published in 2004. The game was met with mixed reviews by critics. A Deluxe Edition was is a puzzle game developed by Tecmo in 1986 for arcade release on custom hardware based on the Z80 chipset. It is better known as a 1987 port to the Commodore 64 and the Nintendo Entertainment System, Earthworm Jim 2 is a platform video game originally developed by Shiny Entertainment and released in 1995 in Europe, and 1996 in the US, it is a sequel to the 1994 original Earthworm Jim. Again, the game The Black Onyx (ザ・ブラックオニキス) is a 1984 computer role-playing game released in Japan by Bullet-Proof Software, and written by Henk Rogers. It was one of the first Japanese-language RPGs ever made. It was , also known as Toho Project or Project Shrine Maiden, is a Japanese dōjin game series focused on bullet hell shooters made by the one-man developer Team Shanghai Alice, whose sole member, known as ZUN, Divine Divinity is a single-player fantasy computer role-playing game created by Larian Studios, released in 2002. It has a spin-off, Beyond Divinity, and a sequel, Divinity 2: Ego Draconis. The game Princess Maker 5 is the fifth game from the main Princess Maker series originally released for the personal computer on Windows. A PlayStation 2 (PS2) versions of the game was later released. That version Mad Dog McCree is the first live-action laserdisc video game released by American Laser Games. It originally appeared as an arcade shooting game in 1990. It gained a lot of attention for its real-video Bust-A-Move 2 is the first sequel to ""Bust-A-Move"", and is also known as Puzzle Bobble 2 outside Europe and North America. Released into the arcades in 1995, PlayStation, Sega Saturn, Nintendo 64 and Wolfenstein 3D is a video game that is generally regarded as having both popularized the first-person shooter genre on the PC and creating the basic archetype that subsequent games of the same genre would Progress Quest is an application created as a parody of EverQuest and other massively multiplayer online role-playing games. It is loosely considered a zero-player game, in the sense that once the player Siege of Avalon is a computer game created by Digital Tome. It is a top-down RPG game set in the fantasy realm. This game is often compared with games such as Diablo in terms of gameplay. Depths of Peril is a fantasy, single player action RPG computer game. It was developed by Soldak Entertainment and was released on September 5, 2007. Depths of Peril is set in the fictional lands of Aleria. Chromium B.S.U. is an arcade-style, top-scrolling space shooter available on Windows, PSP, Mac, Linux and numerous other UNIX-like operating systems. It is a free software distributed under the Artistic Carrier Command is a landmark 1980s computer game available on Amiga, Atari ST, PC, ZX Spectrum, Apple Macintosh, Commodore 64 and Amstrad CPC computers. Described by The Games Machine as a ""seminal game , also known as Final Fantasy XI Online, is a MMORPG developed and published by Square as part of the Final Fantasy series. It was released in Japan on Sony's PlayStation 2 on May 16, 2002, and was released Panzer Commander is a computer tank-driving simulator released in 1998. Developed by Ultimation Inc. and published by Strategic Simulations Inc.. The game is set in World War II as a tank simulator. In Mortal Kombat II is the second title in the Mortal Kombat fighting video game series. MKII was first released as an arcade game in 1993. It is widely regarded as the best title in the Mortal Kombat franchise Warrior Kings is a real-time strategy video game, developed by Black Cactus and published by Microïds in 2002. The game, set in a fantasy medieval world, focuses on the concepts of pagan tribalism, renaissance Asheron's Call (AC) is a fantasy MMORPG for Microsoft Windows-based PCs developed and published by Turbine Entertainment. It was published by Microsoft until 2004. Asheron's Call is set on the continent Tetris Worlds is a version of the popular video game Tetris. It was originally released in 2001 for PC and the GBA. It later was released for the Xbox, GameCube, and PlayStation 2 in 2002. In 2003, an RPG Maker 2003 (or RM2k3) is the third in the series of programs for the development of Role-Playing Games, developed by the Japanese group ASCII. It features a database of pre-made backgrounds, music, Little Fighter 2 Chinese: 小朋友齊打交2(LF2) is a popular freeware PC fighting game for Windows and is the sequel to the game Little Fighter (LF1). Little Fighter 2 was created by Marti Wong and Starsky Wong European Air War is a combat flight simulation released by MicroProse in 1998. European Air War is the sequel to 1942: The Pacific Air War by Microprose. The stock standard version simulates the Battle Madden NFL 2005 is an American football video game that was released on August 9, 2004. It features Ravens star linebacker Ray Lewis on the cover. Al Michaels and John Madden return as game commentato Glove on Fight is a doujin boxing video game released in 2002 by Watanabe Seisakujo. (The name of the game is a take on ""Groove on Fight"", which is a sequel of the Power Instinct series, though the two Football Manager is a series of football management simulation games developed by Sports Interactive and published by Sega. The game began its life in 1992 as Championship Manager; however, following Project Torque was the free North American version of Level-R. It is a multiplayer online racing game (MMORG) with partially chargeable content, or micro-transactions. It features gameplay elements such Enemy Engaged 2 is the sequel to Enemy Engaged: Comanche vs Hokum. It was released on May 25, 2007. Though the sequel was improved in some ways compared to the first game, it has been highly criticized Hollywood Hijinx is an interactive fiction computer game written by ""Hollywood"" Dave Anderson and Liz Cyr-Jones and published by Infocom in 1986. Implemented using Infocom's Z-Machine, the game was released Darkest of Days is a first-person shooter video game developed by 8monkey Labs and published by Phantom EFX. It was released in North America on September 8, 2009 for Microsoft Windows and the Xbox 360. Minotaur A very strong land-based monster. They come equipeed with lyres. Harpy Daytime monsters that have the ability to fly. It's a monster with the feather's of an eagle and a woman's body Gargoyles The Settlers II: Veni, Vidi, Vici is a real-time strategy computer game, released by Blue Byte Software in 1996. Its gameplay is very similar to that of its predecessor, The Settlers, albeit with a Roman Planet's Edge is a 1991 space science fiction computer role-playing game developed by New World Computing with Neal Hallford as the lead designer. The game's plot centers on investigating the sudden disappearance Pirates! Gold is a 1993 computer game, a remake to Sid Meier's 1987 release, Sid Meier's Pirates!. MicroProse developed this 256-color version for MS-DOS, Macintosh, Mega Drive/Genesis, Amiga CD32 and Rag Doll Kung Fu is a fighting computer game, created predominantly by artist Mark Healey, while working for Lionhead Studios, along with other Lionhead employees, such as David Smith and Alex Evans. Devil May Cry 4 is an action game that was published and developed by Capcom in 2008 for the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and Windows platforms. The game is the fourth installment to the Devil May Cry series. Dracula: Origin is a point-and-click adventure game for the PC based on the novel Dracula by Bram Stoker. Released by Frogwares in 2008, it follows the company's catalogue of action-adventure games such Darby the Dragon is a children's PC video game developed by Broderbund and released in 1996. This game follows two young dragons, Darby and his sister Sparkle (who has been shrunk), on a quest to find Super Off Road, fully titled as Ivan ""Ironman"" Stewart's Super Off Road, is an arcade video game released in 1989 by Leland Corporation. Virgin Games produced several home versions in 1990. In 1991, an The Omega Stone is a PC puzzle adventure game developed by Omni Creative. It was the sequel to the game Riddle of the Sphinx and was released by DreamCatcher Interactive on March 19, 2003. http://www. Comet Busters! is an improved version of Asteroids created by Steven E. Hugg for Windows 3.1/95. It was originally released in 1991 with a registration cost of $9. A shareware version was also distributed World of Tanks is a 3D team-based massively multiplayer online game featuring historically accurate fighting vehicles from the 1930's to the 1950's. World of Tanks is a PvP-focused project that promises Project Nomads is a computer game by Radon Labs released in 2002. It is set on the fictional planet Aeres, a fantastic world of gigantic floating islands, which are the remnants of the planet from before Slightly Magic is an arcade adventure computer game published in 1991 by Codemasters for the Amiga, Amstrad CPC, Atari ST, Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum. It was written by Colin Jones, author of the rock The Sims: Hot Date is the third expansion pack released for the strategic life-simulation computer game The Sims developed by Maxis and published by Electronic Arts. It was released on November 14, 2001 Rayman Brain Games is an educational video game, released for PC and Sony PlayStation by Ubi Soft Entertainment. It is part of the Rayman series of computer and video games. It is the first EC game developed Bo Jackson Baseball is a Nintendo Entertainment System and MS-DOS video game that was released as an arcade-style baseball game. Players can either play in exhibition mode or playoff mode. Either one Body Blows Galactic is a versus fighting game and the sequel to Body Blows released in 1993 by Team 17 for Amiga computers. Opponents and background graphics were later merged into Ultimate Body Blows F1 (released as Formula One in the USA) is a 1993 racing video game published by Domark, based on Vroom!, a game developed in 1991 for the Atari ST by french company Lankhor. It was released for the Sega F-22 is a series of combat flight simulation computer games from NovaLogic, produced only for the PC. It is based on the F-22 Raptor produced by Lockheed Martin. The third game of the series was released Playboy: The Mansion is a business simulation video game for the PlayStation 2, Microsoft Windows and Xbox consoles, developed by Cyberlore Studios, published by Groove Games and ARUSH Entertainment and is an adult video game developed by Yamitsu Tsuushin and Sekilala and published by G-Collections. It was released in October 26, 2003 in Japan before USA in October 17, 2004 for PC. The game features Spirit of Adventure is a computer role playing game developed by Attic Entertainment Software and published February 12, 1991. Most of the gameplay involved an early pseudo 3D dungeon crawler. Attic's The Hound of Shadow is an Interactive Fiction game created by Eldritch Games, and marketed by Electronic Arts, in 1989. It was released in versions compatible with the Amiga, Atari ST, and DOS operating Island Xtreme Stunts is an action-adventure computer game, and the sequel to Lego Island 2: The Brickster's Revenge, making it the third game in the Lego Island series, despite dropping the original ""Lego Mission: Thunderbolt is a roguelike computer game with a futuristic storyline. It was originally developed and released on DEC mainframes as Doomsday 2000, a four-part game, and later ported to both Mac Chrono Resurrection, also known as Chrono Trigger: Resurrection, is an unreleased, non-profit fangame developed by North American team Resurrection Games under Nathan Lazur's direction. It is based on 3D Construction Kit, also known as 3D Virtual Studio, is a utility for creating 3D worlds in Freescape. Developed by Incentive Software and published by Domark, it was released in 1991 on multiple platforms. Supreme Ruler 2010 is a computer wargame in which a player who controls all aspects of a region's government attempts to unite a world of fragmented states of the world in the year 2010. The game was IndyCar Racing II is a racing game developed by Papyrus Design Group. It is the sequel to IndyCar Racing, and was released in 1995. A little over a year later, the game was re-released, with a few minor , is the second game in SNK's popular Samurai Shodown series of versus fighting games. This game has been released on the Wii's Virtual Console in Europe on August 8, 2008 and in North America on August Brett Hull Hockey is an ice hockey video game for Super Nintendo Entertainment System, Atari Jaguar, Sega Mega Drive and DOS that features standard graphics for its time. The announcer is Former ABC Sports R3 - The Art of Rocketry was a computer game for the Amiga series of computers in 1995. It was released as a playable demo on the coverdisks of Amiga Power (issue 54) and Amiga Format in around September Police Quest: SWAT 2 (1998) is the sixth game in the Police Quest series (and the second game in the SWAT series). It is an isometric view, squad-level RTT game in the mold of the classic X-Com or Jagged Railroad Tycoon II is a game for the PC, Macintosh, PlayStation and Dreamcast in the Railroad Tycoon series. The Dreamcast version is a Gold Edition with improved graphics and gameplay. Gameplay is displayed Talvisota: Icy Hell is a real-time tactics and educational computer game, developed by the international developer group Blitzfront Game Studio and is based on the events of Winter War conflict of 1939-1940 Project: Snowblind is a first-person shooter video game released for the Xbox, Microsoft Windows and PlayStation 2 on February 22, 2005. It was originally conceived as a multiplayer-focused third game Monster Farm Online (also known as Monster Rancher Online) is the first game in the Monster Rancher series for the PC, as well as being the first MMORPG in the series. The game is only available in Japanese. Activision Anthology is a compilation of most of the Atari 2600 games by Activision for various systems. It also includes some games originally released by Absolute Entertainment and Imagic, as well as Asheron's Call 2: Fallen Kings was a fantasy MMORPG (massively multiplayer online role-playing game) for Microsoft Windows-based PCs that was released on November 22, 2002 and shut down on December 30, Crazy Sue Goes On is a 2D platform game, which was first released in 1992 as cover disk of the Amiga Mania magazine by MC Publications in the UK, and in the Amiga Fun magazine by CompuTec Verlag in Germany. Alone in the Dark 3 is the third installment of the Alone in the Dark survival horror video game series created by Infogrames. The video game was released in 1994. A Windows 95 version of the game was Lightning's Shadow is a game developed by Wolfire Games and was one of the winners of the uDevGame 2003 contest, out of about 60 contestants. In Lightning's Shadow you control a powerful monk and hurl Cube 2: Sauerbraten is a cross-platform, Quake-like first-person shooter that runs on Microsoft Windows, Linux, FreeBSD and Mac OS X using OpenGL and SDL. The game features single-player and multiplayer Asterix &amp; Obelix XXL is an action adventure video game released in 2004. It is based on the French comic book series Asterix, about the Gaulish warrior Asterix in the year 50BC, as he battles the Virtual Families is a video game created and developed by independent video game developer and publisher Last Day of Work. Virtual Families was released 22 April 2009. The game is about raising a family, The Sims 2: Seasons is the fifth expansion pack for The Sims 2. It was developed by Maxis, released on March 1, 2007 in North America, and was followed by the European release on March 2, 2007. Aspyr Heroes Chronicles is a series of turn-based strategy video games developed by Jon Van Caneghem through New World Computing and published by the 3DO Company. The series was intended to introduce a new Spaceship Warlock is an adventure game created by Mike Saenz and Joe Sparks. The game featured arcade action and interactive dialogue, which enabled the player to type whatever he chose. The game was Wings Over Vietnam is a PC game set during the Vietnam War over South East Asia and covers the time period between 1964 to 1973. The game includes a wide variety of jets and weapons which can be employed Dino Dini's Goal is a soccer computer game released by Virgin Games in 1993. It is considered by many to be the ""true"" sequel to Kick Off 2 (in preference to the official Kick Off 3), as Kick Off's creator Micro League Baseball was a 1984 baseball simulation video game. It was developed by Micro League Sports Association and published by Micro League Multimedia Inc. It was released on Amiga, Apple II, Atari Video Game TYCOON is a tycoon computer game developed and published by GAMESweet Software. It is an example of a tycoon game, however it is not like traditional tycoon video games. Rather it lets its Behind the Iron Gate (known in Poland as Za Żelazną Bramą) is a first-person shooter computer game for Amiga computers, released in 1995 by Polish developer Ego Software. Music is composed by Adam Skorupa, Grand Theft Auto III is a 2001 sandbox-style action-adventure computer and video game developed by DMA Design, and published by Rockstar Games. It is the first 3D title in the Grand Theft Auto series. The Legend of Ares is a free 3D, MMORPG game developed by MGame USA Inc. . Like many 3D MMORPGs, it is a point and click game, where players can attack monsters (PvE) or other players (PvP), pick up items, Magic &amp; Mayhem, also known as Duel: The Mage Wars (US), The Art of Magic (Russia), Mana: Der Weg der schwarzen Macht (Germany), Duelo de hechiceros (Spain) and Arcanes (France), is a fantasy/mythology-themed Hellgate: London is a dark fantasy themed action role-playing game developed by Flagship Studios, released on October 31, 2007. It was developed by a team headed by former Blizzard Entertainment employees, Puzzle Bobble 3 (also known as Bust-A-Move 3) is the second sequel to Puzzle Bobble. It was released into arcades in 1996 and later ported to the PlayStation, Sega Saturn, Nintendo 64 and PC. It would Sword of Sodan is a hack and slash video game released for the Amiga in 1988 by Discovery Software, with a scaled down port released for the Sega Genesis in 1990 by Electronic Arts. is a fighting game developed by Sega. It is the sequel to Virtua Fighter and the second game in the Virtua Fighter series. It was created by the Sega's Yu Suzuki-headed AM2 and was released in the arcade Rubik's Games is a 5 games in 1 PC game created for Windows 95/98 developed in part by Ernő Rubik with Androsoft and was published by Hasbro Interactive. It was part of Hasbro's classical games collection War of Legends is a massively multiplayer online strategy game set in ""a world of ancient Chinese mythology"" and was published by Jagex Ltd on January 19, 2010. It is the company's first full online strategy Versailles 1685 is a video game released in 1997. The 3D adventure game was developed and published by Cryo Interactive. It was followed in 2001 by Versailles II: Testament of the King. The game is set Mirror's Edge is a single-player first person action-adventure video game developed by EA Digital Illusions CE (DICE) and published by Electronic Arts. The game was announced on July 10, 2007, and was 4D Sports Boxing is a 3D boxing computer game of the 4D Sports series, with motion capture animation, developed by Distinctive Software, Inc. (DSI) from Vancouver under their secondary trade name Unlimited Downhill Slalom is a 3D downhill skiing game for the PC developed by independent games development company Tuna Technologies. The game features single and multiplayer modes, and features three main modes Enter the Matrix is the first video game based on The Matrix series of films. It was developed by Shiny Entertainment and published by Atari and WB Interactive for the PlayStation 2, Xbox and Nintendo Discworld Noir is a computer game based on Terry Pratchett's Discworld comic fantasy novels, and unlike the previous Discworld games is both an example and parody of the noir genre. The game was developed The City Beneath is the third computer puzzle game in Deadly Rooms of Death series published by Caravel Games. It was released on the 1st of April 2007, exactly two years after its predecessor, Journey Speedy Eggbert is a computer game for Windows-based PCs published by EPSITEC and developed by eGames. It was released on September 13, 1998, to very little response to the media. The game is a side scrolling FIFA Manager 08 is the 2008 successor to the now annual FIFA Manager series from EA's sports brand, EA Sports. It is the follow up to FIFA Manager 07. FIFA Manager 08 has been created by Bright Future NASCAR Legends is a NASCAR racing simulator developed by Papyrus Design Group for Windows-based personal computers and released under the Sierra Entertainment marque in late 1999. Rather than being an Blades of Steel is an ice hockey video game released by Konami for the arcade in 1987, and ported to the Nintendo Entertainment System in 1988. All teams are fictional but based out of real Canadian and The Feeble Files is an adventure game about the adventures of a rather ‘feeble’ alien called Feeble. The game is a science fiction comedy, with a similar style of British humour to that of Adventure Soft’s The Gene Machine is a graphical point-and-click action adventure game, originally released in 1996 and published by Vic Tokai. It was developed by Divide By Zero. It describes the adventures of a fictional Missile Command is a 1980 arcade game by Atari, Inc. that was also licensed to Sega for European release. It is considered one of the most notable games from the Golden Age of Video Arcade Games. The Robert J. Bach, commonly known as Robbie Bach, was the President of Entertainment &amp; Devices Division at Microsoft. He led the division that is responsible for the Xbox, Xbox 360, Zune, Windows Games, Dream Pinball 3D is a pinball simulation game developed by TopWare and published by SouthPeak Games for the Wii, Nintendo DS and Microsoft Windows, first released in North America on the 22nd of April _Summer's opening theme from the game is ""Love Song"" sung by Miyuki Hashimoto, and the ending theme from the game is ""Important Person"" by YuNa; ""Important Person"" was also used as an insert song. The UFO: Aftermath, is a 2003 real-time strategy game with real-time tactical battles from ALTAR Interactive, being a homage to the X-Com series of games. It started as The Dreamland Chronicles: Freedom Ridge Rig'n'Roll, acronymed RnR or R&amp;R, is a Sandbox-style truck driving simulation and Adventure racing video game released on 27 November 2009 in Russia and during 2010 in the rest of the world. It simulates The Chaos Engine is a top-down run and gun computer game developed by the Bitmap Brothers and published by Renegade Software in 1993. It was first released for the Commodore Amiga, with an enhanced version Armies of Exigo is a real-time strategy video game for Microsoft Windows. The game was created by Black Hole Entertainment and distributed by Electronic Arts. One unique aspect of the game is that it Bruce Lee Lives: The Fall of Hong Kong Palace, known simply as Bruce Lee Lives, is a 1989 video game software developed and published by The Software Toolworks for MS-DOS-operated PCs. It stars the Jeet is an arcade video game designed by Tomohiro Nishikado, and released in 1978. It was originally manufactured and sold by Taito in Japan, and was later licensed for production in the United States by the Shattered Galaxy is a massively multiplayer online real-time strategy (MMORTS) that was released in 2001 by Nexon Inc. , now known as KRU Interactive, after an extensive open beta period. It was published Sword of Aragon is a turn-based strategy and role-playing game developed and published by Strategic Simulations, Inc. in 1989. Set in the fictional land of Aragon, the protagonist of the game is duke Starship Titanic is a computer adventure game designed by Douglas Adams and made by The Digital Village. It was released in 1998. It takes place on a starship of the same name which has undergone ""Spontaneous Character selection screen Dynasty Warriors characters are divided by their respective kingdoms. Samurai Warriors characters are divided by which game they made their first appearance. Correct pronunciation System Shock 2 is a first-person action-adventure/role-playing video game, designed by Ken Levine for Windows. The title is a sequel to the 1994 PC game System Shock, and was co-developed by Irrational Out Run Europa (known as Out Run Europe during development), is a driving video game developed by Probe Software and published by U.S. Gold for the Amiga, Amstrad CPC, Atari ST, Commodore 64, Game Gear, Eschalon: Book II is an isometric, turn-based single player computer role-playing game by Basilisk Games. Like the first game in the series, Eschalon: Book I, it features a large and openly explorable Unknown Horizons is a genre-mix of city-building game and real time strategy. It is released under the GNU General Public License and is therefore free software. The game is currently in an early stage World of Warcraft, often referred to as WoW, is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) by Blizzard Entertainment, a subsidiary of Activision Blizzard. It is the fourth released game Prince of Persia 3D, developed by Red Orb Entertainment and published by The Learning Company for Microsoft Windows, is the third game in the Prince of Persia series. The game debuted in 1999, 10 years FIFA Football 2002, known as FIFA Soccer 2002 in North America, and commonly known as FIFA 2002, is a football video game released in November 2001, produced by Electronic Arts and released by EA Sports. Infinity is a space MMOG being developed by Flavien Brebion. In Infinity, the player controls a spacecraft and travels throughout the entire galaxy trying to make a name for him/herself. Since the game Throne of Darkness is a Japanese-themed action-oriented computer role-playing game released in 2001 by Sierra Entertainment, a subsidiary of Vivendi Universal. Players control up to four (out of seven) International Karate is a karate fighting game created and published by System 3 for various home computers. Of these versions the 1986 releases for Commodore 64 and Atari 8-bit computers, created by Z: Steel Soldiers (originally released simply as Steel Soldiers in North America) is a real-time strategy game released by the Bitmap Brothers on 15 June, 2001 for the Windows platform. It is the sequel Contract J.A.C.K. is a prequel to the 2002 computer game No One Lives Forever 2: A Spy In H.A.R.M. 's Way. It was developed by Monolith Productions, published by VU Games, and was released on November Down in the Dumps is 1996 computer adventure game developed for MSDOS and Microsoft Windows, by the – now defunct – French Haiku Studios and published by Philips Media. The release for Apple Macintosh Premier Manager 3 (also known as PM3) is a football management simulator video game for the Commodore Amiga and DOS platforms. It was released in 1994 by Gremlin Interactive. The objective of the game Entropia Universe is a massive multiplayer online virtual universe designed by the Swedish software company MindArk, based in Gothenburg. Entropia uses a micropayment business model, in which players Gex: Enter the Gecko is a 3D platformer video game released in 1998. It is the sequel to the 1995 sidescroller Gex. The game involves collecting 3 types of remotes to unlock different levels, and to aid em@il games - X-COM was part of a budget range video game series released in 1999 by Hasbro Interactive for Windows personal computers that relied solely on the Play by mail concept. DC Universe Online or DCUO is an MMORPG being developed by Sony Online Entertainment - Austin. Jim Lee serves as the game's Executive Creative Director, along with Carlos D'Anda, JJ Kirby, Oliver Nome, Natural Selection 2 (NS2) is a multiplayer computer game mixing first-person shooter and real-time strategy gameplay. It is set in a science fiction universe, and is currently under development. Natural Little Big Adventure (LBA) is a PC game made by Adeline Software International and first released at the end of 1994. It was released in Europe by Electronic Arts and in North America, Asia and Oceania Championship Manager was the very first game in the popular Championship Manager series of association football management simulation games. The game was originally released on the Amiga and Atari ST Dirt Track Racing 2 (DTR2) is a video game by the now defunct Ratbag Games. It is the third and final game in the dirt track racing series by Ratbag, which includes Dirt Track Racing (DTR), Dirt Track Survival Crisis Z is a video game within both the role playing and survival horror genres for Microsoft Windows. The game was published in 2004 by developer Ska Studios. The game takes place in a city in 2001. The American release of the game is called Shadow of Destiny. Shadow of Memories is the release title for the Asian and European markets. Originally released for the PlayStation 2, it was later (officially abbreviated as DBO) is a massive multiplayer online role-playing game being developed simultaneously in Japan and South Korea by NTL, set in the Dragon Ball universe, first introduced by the The Legend of Mir 3 is a sprite based isometric 3-D massively multiplayer online role-playing game, developed by Wemade Entertainment. It is a sequel to the massively multiplayer game The Legend of Mir Azada: Ancient Magic is an adventure and puzzle casual game developed by Big Fish Studios Europe, and distributed by Big Fish Games. The game is a sequel to Azada. The studio previously developed Azada N is a freeware computer game developed by Metanet Software. It was inspired in part by Lode Runner, Soldat, and other side-scrolling games. A console version of the game has been released for the Xbox Neverwinter Nights 2 (also known as NWN2) is a computer role-playing game developed by Obsidian Entertainment and published by Atari. It is the sequel to BioWare's Neverwinter Nights, based on the Dungeons Shattered Horizon is a first-person shooter video game developed and published by Futuremark Games Studio. The game was released on the Steam digital distribution service on 4 November 2009. On 19 November Action Girlz Racing is a racing video game produced by Data Design Interactive. It was released in 2005 in Europe for Windows and PlayStation 2. A version for the PlayStation Portable was also announced was a side-scrolling arcade game created by Taito and released in 1988. The game is particularly unusual because it has three contiguous screens (one screen in the usual place for an arcade game, and Animaniacs Game Pack is a computer software program that features five arcade games starring the Animaniacs, published by Warner Bros. Interactive and developed by Funnybone Interactive. Voices for all MDK is a third-person shooter game developed by Shiny Entertainment and released in 1997 by Playmates Interactive Entertainment in North America and Interplay Entertainment in Europe for the PC, Macintosh, Industry Giant II is a business simulation game for Windows. It is the sequel to Industry Giant. Despite a wide range of aspects Industry Giant II is not a complete business simulation game, as many management MLB Dugout Heroes is a massive multiplayer online baseball game for the PC. MLB Dugout Heroes was created by WiseCat, a Korean based game developer. The game is the first fully licensed and online-based Grand Prix Manager (GPM) is a Formula 1 management game released in December 1995 by MicroProse. It featured the 1995 Formula 1 season. Error creating thumbnail: This article does not cite any references Grand Prix Legends (nicknamed GPL) is a computer racing simulator developed by Papyrus Design Group and published in 1998 by Sierra Entertainment. It simulates the 1967 Formula One season and is considered Flight Unlimited III was the third and last of the Flight Unlimited series of General aviation flight simulators created by Looking Glass Studios, released in 1999. It included ten user-flyable aircraft The Shadow of Aten is an upcoming thriller video game from Silicon Garage Arts. The player takes the role of a British ex-agent, Allan Scott, investigating the murder of a renowned British archaeologist A Prehistoric Tale is a 1990 computer game for the Amiga and Atari ST. The game has both puzzle and platformer elements to it. It is said to be inspired by the Commodore 64 game Dino Eggs. The game is Unreal Tournament is a first-person shooter (FPS) video game co-developed by Epic Games and Digital Extremes. It was published in 1999 by GT Interactive. Retrospectively, the game has also been referred Simon the Sorcerer is an adventure game that was released by Adventure Soft on 2 January 1993 for Amiga and MS-DOS formats. The story begins with the protagonist, Simon, as an ordinary teenager. His dog, Aircraft Powerpack is a Windows-based flight simulation add on package created by Shockwave Productions,Inc. and released in 2006. It combines Shockwave Productions earlier Firepower add on but comes Super Solvers: Gizmos &amp; Gadgets is an educational science computer game designed by The Learning Company. It is intended to teach children between the ages of 7 and 12 introductory mechanics, namely Destruction Derby is a 1995 video game developed by Reflections and published by Psygnosis, the former of which would later develop the successful Driver series. It was released for PlayStation, Sega Caveman Ughlympics or Caveman Ugh-lympics is a 1988 sports multiplayer video game. It was produced for the Commodore 64, DOS and Nintendo Entertainment System by Dynamix and published by Electronic Ar Abrams Battle Tank, aka M-1 Abrams Battle Tank for the Sega version, is a computer game developed by Dynamix and published by Electronic Arts in 1988 for DOS. It was later ported to Mega Drive in 1991 Grand Prix Manager 2 (often shortened as GPM2) is a 1996 Formula 1 management simulation for Windows systems and is based on its prequel, Grand Prix Manager. It was developed by Edward Grabowski Communications Summer Games is a sports video game developed by Epyx and released by U.S. Gold based on sports featured in the Summer Olympic Games. Released in 1984 for the Commodore 64, it was also eventually ported Mega Man X4, known as Rockman X4&#8203;, is a video game developed by Capcom. It is the fourth game in the Mega Man X series. The Sega Saturn and PlayStation versions were released simultaneously in Japan Battle Beast is a side-scrolling fighting game released for the PC in 1995. In the style of Mortal Kombat or Street Fighter, a player can play against another human opponent or computer-controlled opponents Carnivores 2 is a first person shooting video game produced by Action Forms and released by WizardWorks Software in 1999. It is sequel of Carnivores and the second of the series. Desert Combat (DC) is a mod for the first-person shooter (FPS) computer game Battlefield 1942, created by Frank Delise, Brian Holinka and Tim Brophy. DC features many new weapons and new Conquest and Dark Seed II is a sequel to the adventure game Dark Seed. Developed by Destiny Media Technologies and published by Cyberdreams in 1995, it features the further adventures of Mike Dawson in the ""Dark World"", Ion Assault is a multidirectional shooter video game developed by Coreplay and published by Black Inc. exclusively for the Xbox Live Arcade. It was released in North America and Europe in September 23, Virtua Tennis (Power Smash in Japan) is a 1999 tennis arcade game created by Sega-AM3. The player competes through tennis tournaments and various arcade modes. For the home console market the game was Revolution X is a 1994 arcade light gun game developed and published by Midway, featuring the rock band Aerosmith. The game features gameplay similar to Midway's earlier Terminator 2: Judgment Day. There is a tactical role-playing game spin-off series from another Atlus series, Megami Tensei. The series contains MegaTen game elements, among them the concept of demons, demon races, and the summoning of Robot Rascals is a scavenger hunt video game by Ozark Softscape and published by Electronic Arts. It was released in 1986 for various home computers of the era, including the Apple II, Commodore 64 and Red Baron II is a computer game for the PC, developed by Dynamix and published by Sierra Entertainment. It is the follow up to the immensely successful flight simulation Red Baron, released in 1990. Red Putty Squad is a 1994 video game for the SNES, developed by System 3 and published by Ocean Software. It was also developed for the Amiga 1200, Mega Drive and MS-DOS but these ports were ultimately unpublished. Second Life (SL) is a virtual world developed by Linden Lab launched on June 23, 2003, and is accessible on the Internet. A free client program called the Viewer enables its users, called Residents, to Delta Force 2 is a tactical first-person shooter video game. It is a member of the Delta Force series of games produced by Novalogic, and a sequel to Delta Force. Delta Force 2 improved over its predecessor is a platform-style puzzle game developed and published by Japanese software developer Hudson Soft in 1983. The game was released initially on the FM-7, MSX, NEC PC-8801, NEC PC-6001, and later to the Din's Curse is an action role-playing game by independent developer Soldak Entertainment. It was officially released March 31, 2010 for the Windows and Mac OS platforms. It is currently only available Simplz: Zoo is a game that was created by Reflexive Entertainment and jointly developed with South Wind Games. The game is a puzzle and simulation game. The puzzle part is the match-3 game. The simulation Armour-Geddon is a 3D computer game developed and published in 1991 by Psygnosis for the Amiga, DOS and Atari ST platforms. There is also a sequel of this game called Armour-Geddon 2: Codename Hellfire Astro Battle is a science fiction Multi-directional shooter developed and published by Lava Lord Games for Microsoft Windows and Linux. The gameplay focuses on players designing star fighters to fight is a series of video games developed by Namco. Mr. Driller puts the player in the role of a driller moving down through screens of blocks, having to keep his air supply from running out while avoiding Dare to Dream is an adventure game produced by Epic MegaGames, now known as Epic Games, released in early 1993 for Windows PC. It is the second game designed by Cliff Bleszinski, after The Palace Of Deceit: Monato Esprit is a 3D, fantasy-themed massively multiplayer online role-playing game. The game is currently in the open beta stage of development and is tentatively scheduled for release in July, 2009. Spectromancer is a computer game developed by Apus Software and Three Donkeys LLC. The game was released in October 2008. The expansion League of Heroes is an upgrade to the game rather than a stand-alone Flying Corps is a 1996 World War I flight simulator developed by Rowan Software and published by Empire Interactive. It was one of the most popular flight simulators of its time due to its accurate flight SuperTuxKart is an arcade racing game featuring the Linux mascot Tux. The game was originally conceived as an enhanced fork of TuxKart by the Game of the Month team consisting of Ingo Ruhnke, Charles Mall Tycoon 2 is an business simulation game, released in 2003. It is the sequel to Mall Tycoon, which allows the gamer to construct, expand and thereafter manage a shopping mall. It describes itself Fur Fighters is a video game developed by Bizarre Creations and published by Acclaim for the Dreamcast in 2000, then later for the PC. The game was designed very much as a standard third person shooter, Left 4 Dead 2 is a cooperative first-person shooter game. It is the sequel to Valve Corporation's award-winning Left 4 Dead. The game launched on November 17, 2009, for Microsoft Windows and Xbox 360 CivCity: Rome is a city building strategy game by Firefly Studios and Firaxis. As a collaboration between Firefly Studios and Firaxis Games, the game invites players to shift focus from building a multi-city The main character, and the one with whom the player begins, is Mail, a female elf bounty hunter who hasn't had much luck lately. Mail's main target, Nuts Cracker, always seems to escape after she defeats For the Florida-politician, see Will Kendrick File:Bill-Kendrick. png Bill Kendrick Bill Kendrick (born 4 May 1975) is an American software engineer best known for creating and maintaining Tux Paint, Ghost Online also known as Ghost Soul and GO is a free fast paced action-based sidescrolling, massively multiplayer online game that is currently released in South Korea, Japanese, Chinese, and Malaysian-English. Band of Bugs (formerly known as Bugs of War) is a turn-based tactics video game developed by NinjaBee. The game includes a level editor, leaderboards, Xbox Live Vision camera support, and multiplayer Hero Online is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) produced by Netgame based on a story written by three generations of Chinese novelists. Hero Online is free to play with cash shop Star Trek D·A·C (Deathmatch. Assault. Conquest) is a video game inspired by the 2009 Star Trek movie. The developer is Naked Sky Entertainment in collaboration with Bad Robot Productions, the production xClude Scape is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game xClude Scape takes place during the future tense with all kinds of Aliens and weird unknown animals. You and your team mates must struggle Prehistorik 2 is a sequel to the platform game Prehistorik. It was developed by Titus Interactive for DOS and Amstrad CPC in 1993. Like in its predecessor, the main character of Prehistorik 2 is a caveman Metal Marines is a turn based strategy video game developed by Namco for both the Super Nintendo Entertainment System and Windows 3.1 PCs. It was originally released in Japan under the title Militia. The Playroom was a computer game for ages 3 to 6 manufactured by Brøderbund. It featured Pepper Mouse and was set in his playroom. Features included the spinner, which taught kids how to count, an ABC A-10 Attack! is a combat flight simulator for the Apple Macintosh computer released by Parsoft Interactive in 1995. The game features an A-10 Thunderbolt II aircraft that takes part in a variety of missions is the title of a Japanese series which focuses on a group of young girls who are striving to become famous Japanese idols. The entire series has a wide range of media, ranging from written prose to a Dragon Oath is a Wuxia MMORPG developed and published by ChangYou. com and Sohu, based on the novel of the same name by Jin Yong. The game was originally released in 2007 in China and was the first game Just like the predecessors, Puyos fall from the top of the screen in pairs, can be moved left and right, and can be rotated clockwise and anti-clockwise by 90°. The rule of Sousai and Zenkesei still remained, Sorcerer Lord is turn based strategy-fantasy game published and developed by now defunct Personal Software Services. It was first released in 1987 for ZX Spectrum and Amstrad CPC. During next 2 years Ecco the Dolphin (referred to on the title screen as simply ""Ecco"") is an action-adventure video game released in 1992 for the Sega Genesis/Mega Drive. The central character, Ecco, is a bottlenose dolphin Wildlife Park 2, or Wildlife Zoo, is a business simulation game released in June 2006 in the United Kingdom, and in July 2006 in the United States. It is a sequel to Wildlife Park. As of now, two expansion Super Hang-On (also known as Hang-On 2) is a 1987 motorcycle racing arcade game from Sega, and the sequel to the acclaimed Hang-On. A version of this game, in the full simulated-motorcycle cabinet used Online Bomberman is an online game developed by Mgame, Hudson Soft, and Fullerton and was released on the PC in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Macau. As of January 2008, servers are still Sid Meier's Civilization III is a turn-based strategy computer game by Firaxis Games, the successor of Civilization II and followed by Sid Meier's Civilization IV. Also called Civ 3 or Civ III for short, Burnout Paradise is the seventh game in the Burnout racing video game series. It was developed by Criterion Games and published by Electronic Arts. It was released in January 2008 for PlayStation 3 and Anarchy Online is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) published and developed by Funcom. Released in the summer of 2001, the game was first in the genre to include a science-fiction Build 'n Race is a video game developed by Icon Games Entertainment and published by Zoo Games for the Wii. It was released on August 4, 2009 in North America. Pharaoh's Tomb is a DOS platform game created by George Broussard and published by Apogee Software. The protagonist, Nevada Smith, is an archaeologist and adventurer who is exploring an Egyptian pyramid. JumpStart Typing is a personal computer game intended to teach typing skills to kids aged seven to ten. The game seems to be set in the same ""universe"" as JumpStart Adventures 3rd Grade: Mystery Mountain. Player Manager was a football management game, released in 1990. It was notable for being the first game to combine both managing the team and playing as a single player. The match engine borrowed heavily This article is about the first game in the series. For an overview of the whole series, see Dream Chronicles (series). Dream Chronicles File:Dream Chronicles 1 Logo. jpg Developer(s) KatGames Publisher(s) is a 1986 arcade game that was later released for the Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) in 1987 by Tecmo, and later for the Amiga, Atari ST and Commodore 64. The NES version was released on the Wii Dungeon Siege II (DS2) is a computer role-playing game and is the sequel to 2002's popular Dungeon Siege. It was developed by Gas Powered Games and released on August 16, 2005, one year delayed from original Jump 'n Bump is a 1998 freeware MS-DOS platform video game, written in C and Assembly language by Brainchild Design. The source code was released in 1999, and the game has since been ported to a number Quest for Fame is a music video game developed by Virtual Music and distributed by IBM. They were eventually acquired by Namco (who then made the arcade version in 1999) to create karaoke machines. In Midnight Club II is the first sequel to Midnight Club: Street Racing, published for the PlayStation 2, Xbox and Microsoft Windows. Players race through cities inspired by Los Angeles, Paris, and Tokyo. Tank Universal is a computer game developed by Dialogue Design and published by Meridian4 . It currently features a 20-level single player campaign as well as a skirmish mode. Its graphical style has Dream Prisoner is a first person adventure computer game written by Dutch programmers Alex van Oostenrijk (programming and graphics) and Alex Lentjes (script) in 1995 and published by their game development Shattered Steel is an action game released in 1996 by BioWare for MS-DOS, and later ported to Mac OS by now-defunct Logicware. It is notable for being, according to BioWare, the first mech game with deformable Dr. Black Jack is a computer game featured on the Windows Entertainment Pack. It is based on the popular card game Blackjack (aka Pontoon, 21 etc.). The minimum bet is 10 points per deal. It was created Disney's Toontown Online (commonly known as simply Toontown) is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game created by The Walt Disney Company and billed as the first such game intended for kids Creature Shock is a 1994 sci-fi first-person shooter game released on the PC and 3DO. The game was developed by Argonaut Games and published by Virgin Interactive. The game was later ported to the Philips Emergency Hospital (formerly titled Sarah's Emergency Room) is a video game developed and published by GameInvest. The player controls Sarah, a recent graduate nurse. Sarah’s first job is to manage the XTreme Racing is a kart-style racing computer game released in 1995 for the Amiga home computer system. The gameplay is heavily based on Super Mario Kart, released 3 years prior for the Super Nintendo Kengo Inui: The shameless rapist posing as a substitute chemistry teacher. He believes that all girls are inferior and only exist as his sex toys and tools. Kiyoka Daimon: The richest girl in the school, Velvet Assassin is a stealth action video game for Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows, released in North America on April 28, 2009. Velvet Assassin's working title was Sabotage. Players take control of Violette Age of Wonders is a turn-based strategy PC-game often likened to Master of Magic. Originally titled World of Wonders, the game incorporated several RPG elements that were dropped when simultaneous turns Flimbo's Quest is a 2D platform game published by British publishing house System 3 (later renamed to Studio 3 Interactive) for the Commodore 64, Amiga, Atari ST and Amstrad CPC. A ZX Spectrum version Big Biz Tycoon allows the player to try their hand in the business world. Similar to other business simulation games, the intent is for the player to become a mogul of an industry. Developed for Microsoft Silkroad Online is a fantasy MMORPG set in the 7th century AD, along the Silk Road between China and Europe. The game requires no periodic subscription fee, but players can purchase premium items to customize Incoming Forces is a 2002 shooter video game developed by Rage Software and published by Hip Interactive, and is the sequel to the 1998 video game Incoming. The game's plot picks up after the plot of Kung-Fu Master, known in Japan as Spartan X, is a 1984 beat 'em up arcade game developed and published in Japan by Irem. It was later published in North America by Data East. The Japanese version was For the 1978 American film aka The Alien Incident, see The Alpha Incident Alien Incident Developer(s) Housemarque Publisher(s) GameTek Platform(s) MS-DOS Release date(s) 1996 Genre(s) Graphic adventure . The plot centers on Akira, a young man who was made to participate in a deadly game called ""Igura"" in post-apocalyptical Japan in exchange for being freed from jail. His goal is to beat the ""Il-Re"", Soldiers at War is a turn-based tactics game set in World War II. You take control of eight-man squads through the campaign of fifteen historically-based missions, starting in north Africa and ending Madden NFL 2000 is a football video game. This was the second of the Madden NFL games to not solely feature John Madden on the cover in North America. The only other one was Madden NFL '95. Most versions Breed is a squad based, science-fiction video game developed by Brat Designs and published by cdv Software Entertainment. The game was released in the U.S. and Europe in March and April 2004 for the PC Brutal Sport Football (aka Crazy Football in Germany) is a sports video game that was released in 1993 by Millennium Interactive Ltd. It features an oval ball which can be thrown or kicked, often resulting Escape from Monkey Island is a computer adventure game developed and released by LucasArts in 2000. It is the fourth game in the Monkey Island series. Production was headed by Sean Clark and Michael Stemmle In Memoriam 2 is an adventure game for Windows platform, and is notable for its Alternate Reality-style gameplay, in which the player receives e-mails from other in-game characters, including the game's Animal is a video game starring the Peperami character, voiced by Ade Edmondson. It is a point-and-click adventure puzzle game that also includes a 'shoot 'em up' component, called 'eat-em-up' since the Battleground 5: Antietam is a turn-based strategy computer game developed by TalonSoft in 1996, the fifth issue in the popular Battleground series. It simulated combat at the 1862 Battle of Antietam and Battleground 3: Waterloo is the third game in the Battleground series. It was developed and published by TalonSoft and released on May 31, 1996. The game features the Battle of Waterloo which was the Battlestations: Midway is a video game developed by Eidos Studios Hungary and released on January 30, 2007 for the Xbox 360 and Microsoft Windows. The Mac version of this game was developed by Robosoft The Elder Scrolls: Arena is the first game in the Elder Scrolls series. It is a first-person computer role-playing game for MS-DOS, developed by Bethesda Softworks and released in 1994. In 2004, a downloadable Cocoto Platform Jumper is a 2004 platform video game released by Neko Entertainment. The game has been released on many different platforms in the PAL regions including the Nintendo GameCube, PlayStation Dungeons is an upcoming strategy/simulation video game currently in development by Realmforge Studios, to be published by Kalypso Media. It was officially announced August 12, 2010 and is scheduled for Wing Commander: Privateer is an adventure space flight simulation computer game released by Origin Systems in 1993. Privateer and its storyline is part of the Wing Commander series. Privateer had an add-on Guardian is a 3D shoot 'em up video game. It was originally released in 1994 for the Commodore Amiga CD32 game console, and later converted to the Amiga 1200 on floppy disk. Originally previewed in the Akalabeth: World of Doom is a computer role-playing game, first released in 1979, and then published by California Pacific Computer Company for the Apple II in 1980. Richard Garriott designed the game Wing Commander: Armada is a computer game set in the universe of Chris Roberts Wing Commander franchise. Created by Origin Systems and distributed by Electronic Arts in 1994, Armada was the first, official Chaser is a first-person shooter action video game developed by Cauldron HQ. The game is built on the CloakNT 3D engine. The player character passes through real environments and uses real weapons. Unlike Saw, also known as Saw: The Video Game, is a third person survival horror video game with action elements that was developed by Zombie Studios and published by Konami. The game launched on the PlayStation Hostages is a computer game developed by Infogrames in 1988. The game was called Hostage: Rescue Mission in the United States, and Operation Jupiter in France. The Nintendo Entertainment System port was Hugo's House of Horrors is a computer game released in 1990. Gray Design Associates (GDA) created a parser-based adventure game, reminiscent of the Sierra Entertainment ""Quest"" games and thematically Tycoon City: New York is a 2006 city-building game where players are tasked with developing New York City, specifically the island of Manhattan. The game also allows players to build many of the city's Cybernoid II: The Revenge is a shoot 'em up released by Hewson Consultants in 1988 for the Amstrad CPC, Commodore 64 and ZX Spectrum home computers. It was subsequently also released for the Atari ST , known as Gryzor in Europe and Oceania, is a 1987 run and gun action game developed and published by Konami originally released as a coin-operated arcade game on February 20, 1987. A home version was The Phantom of Venice is the 18th installment in the Nancy Drew video game series created by Her Interactive. It is based on the book of that name. It was released July 8, 2008. Star Trek: Armada II is a computer game published by Activision in 2001, based upon the Star Trek universe. The game was developed by Mad Doc Software. It is the sequel to Star Trek: Armada. Star Trek: Skyborg: Into the Vortex was a CD-ROM science fiction computer game released in 1995 by the trading card company SkyBox International, Inc. and Fringe Multimedia. It was based on a series of trading cards The Path is a 2009 art game developed by Tale of Tales for the Microsoft Windows operating system and later made available for Mac OS X by TransGaming Technologies. It is inspired by several versions Jane's United States Navy Fighters '97 frequently known as USNF '97 is a 1996 flight simulation video game developed by Electronic Arts. The game contains three campaigns: a Vietnam War-era campaign, Stay Tuned for Danger (1999) is the 2nd installment of the Nancy Drew PC game series created by Her Interactive. Stay Tuned for Danger (abbreviated STFD or ST4D) is a first-person whodunit from the viewpoint Gloom is a 1995 computer game for the Amiga computer. Gloom was the first commercially released Amiga clone of first person shooter Doom. A later version of the game, Gloom Deluxe, featured higher resolution Curse of Blackmoor Manor is the eleventh computer game, released in 2004, in the popular Nancy Drew computer game series created by Her Interactive. The game puts the player in Nancy Drew's shoes, where Traffic Department 2192 is a top down shooter game for IBM PC, developed by P-Squared Productions and released in 1994 by Safari Software and distributed by Epic MegaGames. The full game contains three Total Club Manager 2005 is the second sequel to Total Club Manager 2003. It was developed by EA Canada and released October 22, 2004. This game also seen the new feature, Create a Club. This gave the Ultima IX: Ascension (1999) is the ninth and final part of the main series of the computer role-playing game series Ultima. Following the Avatar's escape from Pagan, he is transported back to Britannia Summoner, developed by Volition, Inc. and published by THQ, is a third-person RPG. It was released on October 25, 2000 as a launch title for the PlayStation 2 and was subsequently ported to Microsoft Unreal II: The Awakening is a first-person shooter video game, designed initially only for a single-player campaign. The game is part of the Unreal series. It was developed by the now defunct Legend Entertainment, PureSim Baseball 2007 is a text-based computer baseball simulation published by Matrix Games. Originally developed by independent game developer Shaun Sullivan, the first Matrix version was published Gift is a story that revolves around high school student Haruhiko Amami and his strong connection to Gift's mysterious power. The town of Narasakicho, where Gift's story takes place, has two distinguishing Rockstar Ate My Hamster is a management strategy computer game developed by Codemasters in 1988 and originally released on their full-price Gold label for the Amstrad CPC, ZX Spectrum, Commodore 64, Amiga Space Bunnies Must Die! is a third-person action-adventure game developed by Ripcord Games and released on October 31, 1998 by Jinx for Microsoft Windows 98. The player character is truck stop waitress MechWarrior is an upcoming action simulation game currently under development by Piranha Games and Smith &amp; Tinker for Microsoft Windows and Xbox 360. This game is essentially a reboot of the franchise, History Line: 1914-1918 is a turn-based tactics computer game developed in the 1990s by the German team Blue Byte Software. The storyline takes the player through various battles of the First World War. Singles 2: Triple Trouble is a video game by Rotobee and published by German company Deep Silver in 2005. It is the sequel to the 2004 game Singles: Flirt Up Your Life . Stunts (also known as 4D Sports Driving) is an early 3D racing video game developed by Distinctive Software, Inc.. The game places emphasis on racing on the stunt tracks and features a track editor. Seymour Goes to Hollywood, also known as Seymour at the Movies, is a platform and adventure game developed by Big Red Software and originally published in Europe by Codemasters in 1991. Players control The Spore Creature Creator is software that allows players to create their own creatures with a standalone version of the Creature Editor from Spore; the software was one of the first aspects of the game is a Japanese visual novel developed by Windmill. It was first released as an adult video game for Microsoft Windows on January 30, 2009, and it will be followed by an all-ages release scheduled for the F1 2002 is a video game based on the 2002 Formula One season, developed by Electronic Arts and released for the PC, PlayStation 2, Xbox, Nintendo GameCube and Game Boy Advance. Begin, A Tactical Starship Simulation is a computer game which was released in 1984 and consists of combat between spaceships. It is a tactical starship simulator where the player commands a fleet of Sega Rally Championship is a 1995 arcade racing game developed by AM5 on the Sega Model 2 board. It was later ported over to the Sega Saturn and PC. The unique selling point of Sega Rally was the ability This Article is for the computer game Shade: Wrath of Angels. For a list of other Shade uses see Shade (disambiguation). Shade: Wrath of Angels Developer(s) Black Element Software s r.o. Publisher(s) The racing game NASCAR Racing 2002 Season or NR2002 for short, was the successor to the immensely popular NASCAR Racing 4 and the immediate precursor to the even more popular NASCAR Racing 2003 Season. Armand and the Foppish Hat is a freeware adventure game for Apple Macintosh and Microsoft Windows computers. It is about a pompous swashbuckler named Armand Restant who must track down the thief who stole Blob is a platform-puzzle game, developed by Jonnathan Hilliard and published by Core Design for the Commodore Amiga personal computer. The game was released in the United Kingdom on September 1, 1993 Bad Dudes Vs. DragonNinja, known in Japan simply as DragonNinja, is a 1988 beat 'em up arcade game developed and published by Data East. It is based on the U.S. pop culture of the late 1980s, featuring Rune: Halls of Valhalla is a multiplayer-only expansion to the computer game Rune. It features many new characters to choose from, thirty three new maps, and most prominently: two completely new game Hot Wheels Velocity X is a racing video game released in 2002 by Beyond Games. There are versions for the Gamecube, Playstation 2, PC, and Gameboy Advance. The game is based on the Hot Wheels toy automobiles. Assassin is a video game for the Commodore Amiga system. It was developed by Psionic Systems and published in 1992 by Team 17. The game is an action game that has platform and shoot 'em up type gameplay. Asghan: The Dragon Slayer is a fantasy-themed hack-and-slash action role-playing computer game developed by Silmarils and released in December 1998. Players take on the persona of Asghan, a warrior prince Hind is a computer game released by Digital Integration in 1997 for DOS and Windows 95. The game is a combat flight simulator which features the Soviet Mi-24 Hind attack-helicopter. It came with a detailed RollerCoaster Tycoon 3, commonly abbreviated RCT3, is a strategy and simulation computer game. It is the third installment in the RollerCoaster Tycoon series, first released on October 26, 2004 in North Oddworld: Abe's Exoddus is a multi-award winning platform video game developed by Oddworld Inhabitants and published by GT Interactive. It is a sequel to the video game Oddworld: Abe's Oddysee. It is Opération Teddy Bear is an educational video game released in 1996. It was developed by Index+ and a co-production with Flammarion, and is written by Edouard Lussan. The game covers Normandy, 5 July 1944 Rayman 3: Hoodlum Havoc is the third major platforming installment in the Rayman series. It tells the story of how Rayman stops André, an evil black lum, from taking over the world with his army of sack-like F-15 Strike Eagle III is an F-15 Strike Eagle combat flight simulator released in 1993 by MicroProse and is the sequel of F-15 Strike Eagle and F-15 Strike Eagle II. It is the final game in the series. Dark Fall: Lost Souls is a British first-person horror-adventure game. It is a sequel to the first Dark Fall game. It was released as a digital download on December 4, 2009 and as a boxed version on December Battleground 2: Gettysburg is a turn-based strategy computer game developed by TalonSoft in 1995. It simulated combat at the 1863 Battle of Gettysburg, using both a video version of miniature wargaming Pokémon Play It! is a game that came from certain classic Pokémon Trading Card Game Card packs (that were made by Wizards of the Coast, a division of Hasbro who held the licensing rights until 2002, when Highlander: The Game is an upcoming action role-playing game based on the Highlander franchise and will be published by Square Enix for Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360. It was announced on January Digital: A Love Story is a Visual novel for Windows, Mac OS X and Linux created by Christine Love. Set ""five minutes into the future of 1988"" it tells the story the protagonist's attempts to uncover a Nibbles is a simple video game and variant of Snake. It may have been influenced by Mozaik Software's 1984 Amstrad CPC game, Nibbler. Nibbles was written in QBasic by Rick Raddatz, who later went on to Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows is a two-part video game currently being developed by EA's Bright Light Studio and will be published by Electronic Arts. Part 1 of the game will be released on 16 Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade: The Graphic Adventure is a graphical adventure game, originally released in 1989 (to coincide with the release of the film of the same name), published by Lucasfilm Auxiliary Power's Demolition Derby and Figure 8 Race (Also called DD&amp;F8R, and DD&amp;F8) is a PC demolition derby and figure 8 racing game. It is regarded as the only 'true' demolition derby game, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban is a 2004 computer and video game that was released concurrently with the film release of Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban. Both the game and the film Star Wars Jedi Knight: Mysteries of the Sith is an expansion pack for the first person shooter Star Wars Jedi Knight: Dark Forces II. It was developed and published by LucasArts, and released on January Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six is a tactical shooter computer game and the first in the Rainbow Six series. It was developed and published by Red Storm Entertainment for the PC in 1998. It was later ported Star Trek: 25th Anniversary is a computer game by Interplay, based upon the Star Trek universe. The game chronicles various missions of James T. Kirk and his crew of the USS Enterprise. Its 1993 sequel, Heroes of Might and Magic V: Hammers of Fate is the first expansion pack to the turn-based strategy game Heroes of Might and Magic V. Like the original game, it was developed by Nival Interactive, under Daytona USA: Championship Circuit Edition is a racing arcade game by Sega, specifically designed for the Sega Saturn. Released in 1996, it is a reworked and extended version of the original Daytona USA, Night at the Museum: Battle of the Smithsonian (known as Night at the Museum 2 in other countries) is an action video game developed by Amaze Entertainment and Pipeworks Software and published by Majesco Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos: Joey the Passion is a video game developed by Konami. It is part of the Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos series, which also includes Yu-Gi-Oh! Power of Chaos: Kaiba the Revenge and Yu-Gi-Oh! Age of Pirates 2: City of Abandoned Ships is a computer game developed by Akella, which was released in May 26, 2009. It is the sequel to Sea Dogs (2000), Pirates of the Caribbean (2003), and Age of Pirates: Starflight 2: Trade Routes of the Cloud Nebula is the 1989 sequel to the successful Starflight science fiction computer game. It was developed by Binary Systems, and published by Electronic Arts, for Star Wars Episode I: The Phantom Menace is an action, sci-fi video game released by LucasArts in 1999 after the release of the movie of the same name. It is based on the film Star Wars Episode I: The Combat Flight Simulator World War II Europe Series (CFS1) is the first version of combat flight simulators from Microsoft Game Studios, released November 1, 1998. CFS1 is set in the European Theater of Dizzy, or Dizzy – The Ultimate Cartoon Adventure, was the first video game featuring the character Dizzy, an anthropomorphic egg. The game was designed by two British brothers, Philip and Andrew Oliver, The ClueFinders 5th Grade Adventures: Secret of the Living Volcano is a personal computer game in The Learning Company's ClueFinders series of educational software. In the game, the ClueFinders are shipwrecked Space Quest IV: Roger Wilco and the Time Rippers was released on floppy disks on March 4, 1991, and released on CD-ROM in December 1992 with full speech support and featuring Laugh-In announcer Gary Owens Neverwinter Nights 2: Mysteries of Westgate is an expansion pack for the computer role-playing game Neverwinter Nights 2. It was developed by Ossian Studios and published by Atari on April 29, 2009. The International Cricket Captain, often known as ICC for short, is a series of cricket management video games by Empire Interactive. It rose to popularity in 1998 following the release of the first PC-based Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone is a multi-platform action-adventure video game developed by KnowWonder, Warthog, Griptonite and Argonaut. The PlayStation, PC, Gameboy Color and Advance versions The Lord of the Rings: The Battle for Middle-earth is a PC real-time strategy game developed by EA Los Angeles. It is based on Peter Jackson's The Lord of the Rings film trilogy, in turn based on J. R. Wings of Power WWII Heavy Bombers and Jets is a video game of the flight simulation genre released in 2004 as an add on to enhance Microsoft Flight Simulator 2004. Wings of Power adds vintage historical Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, released as Teenage Mutant Hero Turtles in Europe, is a side-scrolling beat-'em-up released by Konami as a coin-operated video game in 1989. It is based on the first Teenage Muslim Massacre: The Game of Modern Religious Genocide is a controversial 2008 amateur computer game by Something Awful forum member Eric Vaughn under the screen name ""Sigvatr. "" It is a top-down shoot Leisure Suit Larry in the Land of the Lounge Lizards is a computer adventure game game first released in 1987, the first part of the Leisure Suit Larry series. It was a completely graphical adventure Call of Cthulhu: Dark Corners of the Earth is a Lovecraftian horror first-person action-adventure game developed by Headfirst Productions and published by Bethesda Softworks in 2005, in conjunction with Su-27 Flanker: Squadron Commander's Edition is a realistic flight simulator released in 1997 on compact disc. Developed by Strategic Simulations, the game contained a realistic and detailed flight model Train Dispatcher is a train simulator of centralized traffic control (CTC) systems. It was originally developed in the 1980s as a training tool for a commercial railroad and was then made available to AaaaaAAaaaAAAaaAAAAaAAAAA!!! – A Reckless Disregard for Gravity (abbreviated to Aaaaa!) is a simulation video game released on September 3, 2009 by Dejobaan Games for Microsoft Windows. Taking place in Monty Python &amp; the Quest for the Holy Grail is an adventure game created by 7th Level in 1996 for Windows. The game is based on the 1975 film Monty Python and the Holy Grail and was the second of Backyard Soccer MLS Edition was the first Backyard Sports soccer edition game to include the MLS. It debuted in the year 2001 and grew child popularity to the league. Produced in 2001, the game included Lemony Snicket's A Series of Unfortunate Events is a 2004 game based on the Lemony Snicket book series and film. The game is based primarily on the movie, which in turn is based on the plots of the first Nord and Bert Couldn't Make Head or Tail of It is an interactive fiction computer game written by Jeff O'Neill and published by Infocom in 1987. It was released simultaneously for several popular computer Strategy Challenges Collection 2: In the Wild is a personal computer game created by Edmark. Like its predecessor, it features three strategy games that the user can play against the computer or another Wizardry: Proving Grounds of the Mad Overlord is the first game in the Wizardry series of computer role-playing games. It was developed by Andy Greenberg and Robert Woodhead, and launched at a Boston Pajama Sam 2 Thunder and Lightning Aren't So Frightening Cover is a 1998 children's point-and-click adventure game originally released for PC and Mac. The second game of the Pajama Sam franchise, it features Enemy Engaged: Comanche vs Hokum is an attack helicopter simulation game. The game was a follow up to Enemy Engaged: Apache vs Havoc, and interconnectable with it. It was developed by Razorworks. The Tom Clancy's Splinter Cell: Chaos Theory is a critically acclaimed third-person stealth-based video game developed and published by Ubisoft. Chaos Theory is the third game in the Splinter Cell series King's Quest V: Absence Makes the Heart Go Yonder! is a 1990 adventure game released by Sierra. Released in November 1990, it featured a significant improvement in graphics (achieved through the introduction Escape from the Planet of the Robot Monsters is an arcade game developed by Atari Games in 1989. The game is based loosely around the campy science fiction B movies of the 1950s. It was converted for Network Q RAC Rally Championship is a rally computer game which is part of the Rally Championship series. The game was released for Windows and MS-DOS in 26 October 1996, and is developed by Magnetic Advanced Dungeons &amp; Dragons: Heroes of the Lance is a video game released in 1988 for various home computer systems and consoles. The game is based on the first Dragonlance campaign module for the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles 2: Battle Nexus is a video game of the Beat 'em up genre released in 2004 by Konami. The game is based on the 2003 TV series. The game offers cell-shaded graphics, 4 player Battles in Time was a PC video game and was the first and last product co-developed by Quantum Quality Productions and American Laser Games. The game was a time travel-based strategy game. Altered Destiny is an adventure game released by Accolade in 1990 for DOS and Amiga (released in 1991). The game was designed by Michael Berlyn and it uses a text parser interface. It is the second adventure Primal Carnage is an upcoming first-person shooter video game under development by independent game studio Lukewarm Media. The game casts the players as one of two teams: humans or dinosaurs, and is planned Sinking Island is an third-person perspective adventure game that uses point and click game mechanics. Released in France on October 4, 2007, it was developed by White Birds Productions, a company founded Cities XL 2011 is a city simulator developed by Focus Home Interactive. Cities XL 2011 is the second game in the Cities XL franchise. The game will focus on a single-player mode and is set to be released Super Monaco GP is an arcade-style Formula One racing sim released in arcades and multiple platforms by Sega Corporation in 1989. It is a sequel to the arcade game Monaco GP. The arcade game consists Eric the Unready is an adventure game from Legend Entertainment. Eric the Unready is a parody of the fantasy genre in general, though it parodies numerous other topics as well, ranging from Star Trek Crazy Machines is a puzzle computer game created by a FAKT Software GmbH. Crazy Machines based many of its ideas on The Incredible Machine series of games. The player is given a set of mechanical components Supreme Warrior is a full-motion video action game developed by Digital Pictures and was released in 1995 for North America and Europe. It was released for multiple consoles, including the Sega CD 32X Atomic Bomberman is a game by Interplay for the PC that was released in 1997. It was the first original Bomberman game to be developed for Windows, and the second game made for the PC, following 1992's Pole Position II is a racing arcade game that was released by Namco in 1983 as the sequel to Pole Position, which was released the previous year. As with the original, Namco licensed Pole Position II Vendetta Online (VO) is a twitch-based, science fiction massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) developed by Guild Software for the Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, and Linux operating systems. Fighting Force is a 1997 3D beat 'em up developed by Core Design and published by Eidos in the same lines of classics such as Final Fight and Streets of Rage. It was released for the PlayStation, Windows Eternal Silence is a Half-Life 2 modification blending FPS and space combat genres in a team based multiplayer game. The first public release, beta 1.0, was released on September 23, 2006. It was originally Jack Nicklaus 4 is a 1997 computer game published by Accolade that is based on the sport of golf. The original Microsoft Windows version was developed by Santa Cruz, California-based Cinematronics and NASCAR SimRacing, or NSR for short, is a computer racing simulator developed by EA Tiburon and released February 15, 2005, by EA Sports for the PC. The game included all of the 2004 NEXTEL Cup Series Slipstream 5000 is a computer game for the PC, published by Gremlin Interactive in April 1995, and developed by The Software Refinery - better known for Hardwar. It is a 3D racing game, where several Fate/stay night's gameplay requires little interaction from the player as most of the game's duration is spent on reading the text that appears, representing either dialogue between the characters or Teen Second Life is a version of Second Life reserved for teenagers, running on the so-called ""Teen Grid. "" It was officially opened to the public on February 14, 2005 for people aged 13–17 to use Second Fantasy Masters is South Korea's first online trading card game, developed by Zeonix. It was released in April 2002 and currently available in South Korea and China. The English version of the game is Grand Prix World is the sequel to Grand Prix Manager 2 released in 2000. The game was designed and produced by Edward Grabowski Communications Ltd, and Microprose. It is based around the 1998 Formula Virus: The Game is a Strategy/Action video game by Sir-Tech. The game levels takes place in the users 'hard drive'. The objective is to battle against 'viruses' that invades the users directory structure Planned for a 2010 release, Dawn of Fantasy is an upcoming fantasy MMORTS (Massively Multiplayer Online Real Time Strategy) for Microsoft Windows and the Xbox 360 developed by Reverie World Studios. Set Resident Evil 4, known in Japan as Biohazard 4, is a survival horror third-person shooter video game developed by Capcom Production Studio 4 and published by multiple publishers, including Capcom, Ubisoft, Smokin' Guns (SG) is a first-person shooter video game. Smokin' Guns is intended to be a semi-realistic simulation of the ""Old West's"" atmosphere and was developed on id Software's Quake III Arena Engine. Time and Magik is a trilogy of text adventure games by Level 9. The individual games were initially released separately in 1983-1986. In 1988 the three games were revised, expanded and rereleased together Little Fighter is a multiplayer beat 'em up game made by Marti Wong and released in 1997. It has many Characters: 1. Deep: A hand to hand fighter. May drop his sword. He is strong in close range 2. John: World of Padman (WoP) is an open source first-person shooter computer game available in both English and German. Originally it was a modification for the game Quake III Arena titled PadMod created in The Sims Online (also known as EA Land) was a massively multiplayer online game (MMOG) variation on Maxis' highly popular computer game The Sims. It was published by Electronic Arts and released on December The Settlers IV is a real-time strategy video game developed by Blue Byte Software, being the third sequel to The Settlers and the fourth game overall in The Settlers series. In The Settlers IV there Outpost Kaloki X is a city-building video game for the Xbox 360 that places the player in the role of a manager, tasked with building a financially successful fantasy space station. Outpost Kaloki X is Archon II: Adept is a 1984 computer game developed by Jon Freeman, Paul Reiche III and Anne Westfall, and distributed by Electronic Arts for various platforms. Adept is a hybrid of a tactical board game Saving the Port is a computer game developed in Iran by the Multimedia Office of Tebyan. The game is set in 1941 when English and Russian forces invaded Iran to prevent it's alignment with the Axis powers. Codename: ICEMAN is a graphical adventure game made with the SCI engine and published by the American computer game company Sierra On-Line in 1989. The lead designer was Jim Walls, who also created the The Final Scene is a fifth game in the Nancy Drew computer game series. The game is somewhat based on the book bearing the same name and features Nancy Drew and her friend Maya Nguyen. Nancy meets Maya Tribal Trouble is a real-time strategy video game for Microsoft Windows, Linux and Mac OS X. The game pits natives of tropical islands against invading Vikings. The game was developed by independent studio Weekday Warrior is a mod for the video game Half-Life 2. It was developed by students at The Guildhall at SMU and released in its final state on 7 June 2006. Weekday Warrior received the Best Mod and Battlehawks 1942 was a World War II naval air combat flight simulation video game released in 1988 by LucasFilm Games. It was set in the Pacific air war theatre, and was the first of Lucasfilm Games' Lego Stunt Rally is a Lego video game, originally released in 2000. The game is part of the racing game genre. The game also features a track builder mode that builds tracks for single player races and The Amazon Trail is an educational computer game created by MECC. It was inspired by the popularity of The Oregon Trail, featuring the areas surrounding the Amazon River and some of its tributaries. In Secrets Can Kill was the first of the many Nancy Drew computer games developed by DreamCatcher Games and Her Interactive was releasd in 1998. Secrets Can Kill is a first-person whodunit from the viewpoint Red Faction II is a sequel to the game Red Faction and takes place on Earth as opposed to the Mars of the first. Red Faction II was developed by Volition, Inc. and published by THQ on October 16, 2002 Project Darkstar was an open source MMOG middleware solution written in Java by the Project Darkstar team at Sun Microsystems. It was a research project headed by Sun Microsystems engineer Jim Waldo that Demon Stalkers is a top-down action game released in 1987 on the Commodore 64 and MS-DOS, based on exploring a series of dungeon mazes and killing monsters during the descent. Airborne Ranger is a computer game released in 1987 by MicroProse. The game is a military simulation game in which a sole airborne ranger is to infiltrate enemy territory to complete various objective Madden NFL 2003 is an American football video game. It features then-reigning NFL MVP, and St. Louis Rams running back Marshall Faulk on the cover. This edition of Madden was the first to feature EA Trax. Marble Madness is an arcade video game designed by Mark Cerny, and published by Atari Games in 1984. It is a platform game in which the player must guide an onscreen marble through six courses, populated Chocolate Castle is a puzzle video game developed by New Zealand-based company Lexaloffle and published on April 2, 2007. The game was developed by Lexaloffle's owner and operator Joseph White, who designed Master of Magic is a single-player, fantasy turn-based strategy computer game created by Simtex and published for MS-DOS by Microprose in 1994. The player controls a wizard attempting to rule two worlds. Team Fortress 2 is a team-based first-person shooter multiplayer video game developed by Valve Corporation. A sequel to Valve's previous Team Fortress Classic, it was first released as part of the video Icewind Dale II is a computer role-playing game developed by Black Isle Studios and published by Interplay Entertainment, released on August 27, 2002. It is set in the Forgotten Realms fantasy setting Theme Hospital is a simulation computer game developed by Bullfrog Productions and published by Electronic Arts in 1997, in which the player designs and operates a hospital. Like most of Bullfrog's games, Massive Assault is a turn-based, computer wargame by Wargaming. net. Despite featuring 3D graphics, the game is similar to tabletop wargames in that its gameplay is governed by simple rules and takes Chopper Commando is a former shareware computer game written by Mark Currie in 1988 (version 2.0 was released in 1990). In the game the player controls a military chopper, piloting the chopper through The Orange Box is a video game compilation for Microsoft Windows, the Xbox 360, Mac OS X and the PlayStation 3. The Windows and Xbox 360 versions were produced and published by Valve Corporation and released UFO: Afterlight is a 2007 strategy computer game and the third in Altar's UFO series. Like its predecessors UFO: Aftermath and UFO: Aftershock, it combines squad-level tactical combat with overlying strategic is a Japanese adult visual novel, developed by August, released as a limited edition version on January 25, 2008 for a Microsoft Windows PC as a DVD. A PlayStation 3 version of the game called Fortune UFO: Aftershock is a computer real-time tactical strategy game created by Altar and released in 2005. It's a squad combat game at its core with overlying strategic elements and a clear debt to the lauded theHunter (aka The Hunter) is an online-activated hunting first-person computer game. It was developed by UK based Emote Games in conjunction with the Swedish Avalanche Studios, and was released in March Deuteros: The Next Millennium is the sequel to the sci-fi strategy video game Millennium 2.2, published by Activision for the Amiga and Atari ST. Ian Bird designed and wrote the game, with graphics by Zool is a video game originally produced for the Amiga by Gremlin Graphics and intended as a rival to Sega's Sonic the Hedgehog. It was heavily hyped upon its initial release in 1992, including being The Humans is a computer game published by GameTek, in which the player guides a tribe of humans through the course of evolution to modern man. Included on this quest is the discovery of spears, fire, Drakkhen is a 3D computer role-playing game which was initially developed for the Amiga and Atari ST, and subsequently ported to several other platforms, including MS-DOS and the Super Nintendo Entertainment CarVup is a platform game released by Core Design in 1990. The gameplay involves controlling a cartoon-like car called Arnie, jumping from platform to platform and avoiding enemies. If the time limit Clockwerx is a computer game created by Callisto Corporation that was released in 1995. The game was originally released by Callisto under the name Spin Doctor. Later, with some game play enhancements, I-Ninja is a video game developed by Argonaut Games and published by Namco. It was released for the PC, PlayStation 2, Xbox and GameCube. A Game Boy Advance version of the game was announced, then later Cities XL (formerly Cities Unlimited) is a city-building computer game developed by Monte Cristo, which has prior development experience in City Life. It was originally scheduled for release in the first Postal 2 (styled as Postal²) is a first-person shooter video game by Running with Scissors, and it is the sequel to the 1997 game Postal. Both are intentionally highly controversial due to high levels V-Rally 2 (is a rally racing video game and sequel to V-Rally. It was succeeded by V-Rally 3. The PlayStation version is known in Europe as V-Rally 2 Championship Edition and in North America as Need Sega Swirl is a puzzle game that was created for the Dreamcast, Personal computer, and Palm OS. The game was included in various demo discs released for the Dreamcast (through the Official Dreamcast Magazine, Descent II is a 3D first-person shooter video game noted for popularizing the use of true 3D rendering technology and providing the player with six full degrees of freedom to move and to look around. Joe Blade is the title of a series of budget-price platform games written by Colin Swinbourne and published by Players. All three titles were flick-screen adventures, in which the player controls the Tux Racer is a freeware 3D computer game starring the Linux mascot, Tux the penguin. In the game, the player controls Tux (or one of three other characters) as he slides down a course of snow and ice DX-Ball 2 is a video game for Microsoft Windows by Longbow Digital Arts as a follow up to the 1996 game DX-Ball. Like the original, it is patterned after classic ball-and-paddle arcade games such as Breakout MDK2 is a video game and sequel to the third-person shooter, MDK. The original MDK was developed by Shiny Entertainment and released in 1997 by Interplay. The sequel was developed by BioWare. MDK2 was FIFA 11 (FIFA Soccer 11 in North America) is the 19th title in Electronic Arts' FIFA series of football video games. Developed by EA Canada, it was published by Electronic Arts worldwide under the EA Coala is a helicopter action game developed by Bitfusion for the Amiga. It was released in 1995 and published by Empire Software. Gameplay mainly consists of entering a battle between two sides. The player Jumpjet is a 2D side-scrolling shooter game for DOS, created by Monte Variakojis and released by Montsoft in 1990 as shareware. It is said to be a relative of the older game Defender. The player controls Top Spin 2 is a 2006 tennis video game developed by Indie Built and originally published by 2K Sports. It is the sequel to Top Spin and is followed by Top Spin 3. Kuma\War is a free tactical first and third-person shooter game created by developer Kuma Reality Games. Kuma\War is an episodic game that re-creates real-world conflicts in video game format using information Furcadia is a MMOSG/MMORPG (Massively Multiplayer Online Social Game/ Roleplaying Game) or graphical MUD, set in a fantasy world inhabited by anthropomorphic creatures. The game is based on user-created Wordtris is a Tetris offshoot designed by Alexey Pajitnov published by Spectrum Holobyte in 1991 for the IBM PC platform. The title was later released for the Game Boy and Super Nintendo game console Ugh! is an arcade/flight game developed by Bones Park Software Artistic and published in 1992 by PlayByte for the Amiga, Commodore 64 and DOS. The game is a clone of Space Taxi. It features a caveman is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by 130cm released on August 29, 2008 for the PC as a DVD. Furifuri is described by the development team as an everyday interruption adventure game, and is the is a Japanese adult visual novel developed by Leaf and released on May 23, 1997 for the PC. It was later ported to the PlayStation and given voice acting. A second PC version, titled To Heart PSE was VBS2 (Virtual Battlespace 2) is the successor of the battlefield simulation system VBS1. It was developed in close cooperation with the USMC, Australian Defence Force and other military customers of VBS1. PowerSlave is a first-person shooter developed by Lobotomy Software and published by Playmates Interactive Entertainment. It was released in the US, Japan, and Europe for the Sega Saturn, Sony PlayStation, Spelunky is an action adventure game centered around the exploration of a series of caves while collecting treasure, saving damsels in distress, and dodging traps. Spelunky draws heavily from La Mulana X-Moto is a free and open source 2D motocross platform game developed for Linux, FreeBSD, Mac OS X and Microsoft Windows, where physics play an all important role in the gameplay. The basic gameplay clones Gothic 3 is a fantasy-themed role-playing game for Windows from the German game developer Piranha Bytes. It is the sequel to Gothic II. Although widely available in English, the native release of the XPilot is a multiplayer computer game. It is open source and runs on many platforms. Although its 2D graphics have improved over time, they still resemble the style of Asteroids. Gameplay includes Capture Xargon is a 1993 video game trilogy produced by Epic MegaGames for PCs running MS-DOS. It was programmed by Allen Pilgrim. The graphics were created by Joe Hitchens, who also contributed to Epic Pinball is an eroge visual novel by Leaf. It is a suspense adventure game dealing with psychological warfare as players are pitted against a cunning and powerful criminal while trapped in the open sea on a cruise Helbreath is a MMORPG developed by Siementech Co. Ltd and launched first in South Korea in 1999. An International version and an USA version were introduced in the subsequent years and were both met with Nanosaur is a science fiction third person shooter video game developed by Pangea Software and published by Ideas From the Deep. The game revolves around a race of intelligent dinosaurs, ""Nanosaurs"". Bugdom 2 follows the adventure of a grasshopper named Skip as he tries to get his stolen knapsack from Bully Bee throughout the game, Sam the Snail and Sally the Chipmunk assist him. The game is available is a Japanese visual novel developed by Haikuo Soft, and was originally released as an erotic game on January 27, 2006 for the PC as a limited edition containing a set of three CD-ROMs in Japan, followed Wakfu is a turn-based tactical MMORPG and a Television Cartoon, under development by Ankama Studio and written in Java. It takes place in the same fantasy world as Dofus, 1000 years later. The game is Zany Golf, also known as Will Harvey's Zany Golf, is a video game with a fantasy take on miniature golf, developed by Sandcastle Productions and published by Electronic Arts. The game was originally developed Zero Gear is a racing game developed and published by NimbleBit. In the game the player controls a kart and tries to finish first trying to make the other players fail by using weapon pick-ups. The game is an arcade platform game that was released in 1984 by Tehkan (known today as Tecmo). It was followed by two official sequels, the console and computer title Mighty Bomb Jack, and the arcade game Bomb Oil Barons is both a strategy and simulation-type, turn-based game, published by Epyx in 1983. It was released in versions compatible with the Apple II series, Commodore 64, and DOS varieties of home BioShock is a horror first-person shooter video game developed by Irrational Games—then under the name 2K Boston/2K Australia—and designed by Ken Levine. It was released for the Windows operating system is a series of Arcade train simulation video games, originally developed and published by Japanese game developer Artdink in Japan. The first game in the series was published in 1985. The first release Tank Wars (also known as BOMB because of the file name) is an artillery game developed in 1990 by Kenneth Morse. There is another artillery game named Tank Wars, written in 1986 by Cody Snider. Apart is an adult Japanese visual novel developed by Hooksoft which was released on May 28, 2004 playable on the PC as a CD; a PlayStation 2 consumer console port called Like Life An Hour followed on April Jet Moto 3 was released exclusively for the PlayStation video game console on August 31, 1999. It was the first and only Jet Moto title released by developer Pacific Coast Power &amp; Light and publisher Max Payne is a BAFTA award winning third-person shooter video game developed by Finnish Remedy Entertainment, produced by 3D Realms and published by Gathering of Developers in July 2001 for Windows. Ports 7th Legion is a real-time strategy computer game for Microsoft Windows, developed by Vision Software and Epic Games and published by Microprose in 1997. The game consists of two single-player campaigns Llamatron is a computer game written by Jeff Minter of Llamasoft, and released as shareware in 1991 for the Atari ST. The game was converted to the Commodore Amiga and PC the following year. It is very Mistmare is a 2003 action role-playing game from Arxel Tribe set in alternate medieval Europe. It follows the adventures of a member of Inquisition who is trying to stop the spread of deadly magical fog B.A.T. is a futuristic point and click adventure game with some computer role-playing game (CRPG) elements. It was released in 1990 and available on several home computer platforms. It was developed by OpenTTD is an open source remake and expansion of the 1995 Chris Sawyer game Transport Tycoon Deluxe. It is an ""Urban planning and simulation game"". OpenTTD duplicates most of the original game's features ObsCure II is a survival horror video game developed by Hydravision Entertainment and published by Playlogic Entertainment for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 2 and Wii. It is the sequel to the 2004 video VR May Club is an eroge for Windows 95/98 by Milky House/JAST. It is a port of the original Japanese NEC PC-9801, which had 16 colors. Players assume the role of Hajime, a man who is about to get a full-time Comix Zone is a 1995 arcade-style action game. The game's unique feature is that it is set within the panels of a comic book. Each level consists of two pages and secrets are discovered by shredding the M.U.G.E. N (also known simply as MUGEN) is a freeware 2D fighting game engine designed by Elecbyte, written in C which originally used the Allegro library. The latest versions of the engine now use the MageSlayer is a computer game released in 1997. It was based on the Vampire engine, developed by Raven Software, along with Take No Prisoners. The engine provides a top-down view with 2d sprites for the Oxyd is a computer puzzle game released for the Amiga, Atari ST, Macintosh, PC, and the NeXT platform by Dongleware Verlags GmbH in 1990. It is a game of puzzles and tests that challenge the player to Silverfall is a ""hack and slash"" computer role-playing game, developed by software company Monte Cristo for Windows. It is available in English, French and German. A port has been made for PlayStation Halo 2 is a first-person shooter video game developed by Bungie Studios. Released for the Xbox video game console on November 9, 2004, the game is the second video game title in the Halo franchise and 7 Sins is a life simulation video game where the player must get to the top of the social ladder and make decisions related to the seven deadly sins. The game is set in the fictional Apple City. Throughout K240 is a real-time strategy computer game developed by Gremlin Graphics Software Ltd in 1994 for the Amiga. It is a sequel to 1991 Amiga game Utopia: The Creation of a Nation. Zork II: The Wizard of Frobozz is an interactive fiction computer game published by Infocom in 1981. It was written by Marc Blank, Dave Lebling, Bruce Daniels and Tim Anderson. It was the second game The Samorost series is a series of two award-winning adventure/puzzle Flash games by Czech Amanita Design. According to Samorost lead designer Jakub Dvorský the name was chosen since ""'Samorost' in Czech"
Category:History_of_Europe	5434	Category:Geography/Category:Continents/Category:Europe/Category:History_of_Europe Category:Nature/Category:Continents/Category:Europe/Category:History_of_Europe Category:Nature/Category:Earth/Category:Continents/Category:Europe/Category:History_of_Europe Category:Humanities/Category:History/Category:History_of_Europe Category:History/Category:History_of_Europe	"The Treaty (Peace) of Karlowitz (Karlovci) was signed on 26 January 1699 in Sremski Karlovci, a town in modern-day Serbia, concluding the Austro-Ottoman War of 1683&ndash;1697 in which the Ottoman side Simon of Kéza (in Hungarian Kézai Simon) was the most famous Hungarian chronicler in the 13th century. He was a priest in the royal court of king Ladislaus IV of Hungary. His most important work is Gesta Oscarsborg Fortress is a coastal fortress in the Oslofjord, close to the small town of Drøbak. The fortress is situated on two small islets, and on the mainland to the west and east, in the fjord and The 1920 Ganja revolt, also referred to as the Ganja Uprising, was an anti-Bolshevik rebellion that took place in Ganja, Azerbaijan from 26 to 31 May 1920 as a reaction to Azerbaijan's Sovietisation. Carlos Garaikoetxea Urriza is a former Basque politician. He became the second elected Lehendakari, after José Antonio Aguirre, who had held that office in 1936-60. He was a leading figure in the Basque The Western Settlement was the smaller of the two main areas of Greenland settled in around 985 AD by Norse farmers from Iceland (the other settlement being the Eastern Settlement). Much less is known The Chronicon Helveticum is one of the oldest accounts of the early history of the Swiss Confederation. The rough draft of the Chronicon Helveticum was written by the historian Aegidius Tschudi from Glarus Red Guard's March is a Finnish working class' march and was during finnish civil war 1918 one of best known of ""Reds"" songs, but was also sung before war. Lyrics for march have been written in Finland, Robert D. English (born 1958) is an American academic, international relations scholar and historian, specialising in contemporary East European and Russian history and politics. He is currently an Assistant The Carnation Revolution, also referred to as the 25 de Abril, was a left-leaning military coup started on 25 April 1974, in Lisbon, Portugal, that effectively changed the Portuguese regime from an authoritarian The Dutch famine of 1944, known as the Hongerwinter (""Hunger winter"") in Dutch, was a famine that took place in the occupied northern part of the Netherlands, especially in the densily populated western The battle of Sprimont, battle of Esneux or battle of the Ourthe was a battle between French Republican and Austrian troops on the plateau between the valleys of the Vesdre, the Ourthe and the Amblève, Saint Adalbert, Czech: Vojtěch; Polish: Wojciech, (c. 956 &ndash; April 23, 997), a bishop of Prague and a missionary, was martyred in his efforts to convert the Baltic Prussians. He was later made the Miklós Toldi (c. 1320 – November 22, 1390) was a Hungarian nobleman from Bihar County of the Kingdom of Hungary, who is remembered as a legendary hero in Hungarian folklore. Hungarian poet János Arany Hanna Holborn Gray (born October 25, 1930), is an historian of political thought in the area of the Renaissance and Reformation, and an emerita professor and former President of the University of Chic The Diocese of Macedonia was a diocese of the later Roman Empire, forming part of the Prefecture of Illyricum. Its capital was Thessalonica. It included the provinces of Macedonia Prima, Macedonia Salutaris, Countess Ilona Zrínyi was the last surviving member of the Croatian Zrinsky family and one of the greatest heroines of Hungarian history. She was the wife of Francis Rákóczi I and Imre Thököly, and the Uí Náir were a sub-set of the Dál Messin Corb, whose main branch was the Uí Garrchon. Kevin of Glendalough, bishop Conláid of Kildare (a contemporary of Bridget of Kildare) and bishop Éitcheáin of Cluain The Uí Fiachrach were a dynasty who originated in, and whose descendants later ruled, the coicead or fifth of Connacht at different times from the mid-first millennium onwards. They claimed descent from In November 1755, Pasquale Paoli proclaimed Corsica a sovereign nation, the Corsican Republic, independent from the Republic of Genoa. He created the Corsican Constitution, which was the first constitution Raymond T McNally (1931 - 2002) was a professor of Russian and East European History at Boston College in the USA and an author. He specialized in the history of horror and wrote many books around the Mszczuj of Skrzynno was one of the Polish knights of Władysław Jagiełło who took part on July 15, 1410 in the Battle of Grunwald against the Teutonic Knights. He was a knight of the royal household regiment Quis separabit? is a motto of the Royal Dragoon Guards the Order of St. Patrick, The Royal Ulster Rifles, the Irish Guards and the North Irish Horse. It also appears on the Coat of arms of Northern Ireland. The Galician Republic was an ephemeral passage in the History of Galicia. It only lasted for a few hours on the 27th of June 1931, a day ahead of the election to the II Spanish Republic's Constitutional Treaty of Radnot was a treaty signed during the Second Northern War in Radnot in Transylvania on 6 December 1656. The treaty divided the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth between the signing parties. According The Treaty of Kremmen was signed in Kremmen, Germany, on June 20, 1236. Wartislaw III of Pomerania-Demmin had to recognize the Margraviate of Brandenburg's overlordship over the remainder of his duchy, Benjamin J. Kaplan is a historian and professor of Dutch history at University College London and the University of Amsterdam. According to the New York Times, in his 2007 book Religious Conflict and Venetian Albania was the name for the possessions of the Venetian Republic in southern Dalmatia that existed from 1420 to 1797. It originally covered the coastal area of what is now northern Albania and The Szécsényi was a noble family of the Kingdom of Hungary in the 14-15th centuries. The ancestor of the family, Thomas descended from the gens (""clan"") Kacsics. He was one of the most powerful barons Bogumil Vošnjak, also known as Bogomil Vošnjak (9 September 1882 – 18 June 1955) was a Slovene and Yugoslav jurist, politician, diplomat, author and legal historian. He often wrote under the pseudonym Confederate Ireland refers to the period of Irish self-government between the Rebellion of 1641 and the Cromwellian conquest of Ireland in 1649. During this time, two-thirds of Ireland was governed by The Confession of Basel is one of the many statements of faith produced by the Reformation. It was put out in 1534 and must be distinguished from the First and Second Helvetic Confessions, its author The Battle of Nicopolis took place on 25 September 1396, between the Ottoman Empire versus an allied force from the Kingdom of Hungary, France, the Knights Hospitaller, and the Republic of Venice, as The History of Serbia begins with the Slavic migrations on the Balkans, on the territories governed by the Byzantine Empire, in the 7th century. Serbia was formed on territories previously under direct The Republic of Ragusa or Republic of Dubrovnik was a maritime republic centered on the city of Dubrovnik in Dalmatia (today in southernmost modern Croatia), that existed from 1358 to 1808. It reached At the Battle of Vitoria (June 21, 1813) an allied British, Portuguese, and Spanish army under General the Marquess of Wellington broke the French army under Joseph Bonaparte and Marshal Jean-Baptiste The Banovina of Croatia or Banate of Croatia was a province of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia between 1939 and 1943 (de facto up to 1941). Its capital was at Zagreb and it included most of present-day Croatia Lusitanian (so named after the Lusitani or Lusitanians) was a paleohispanic language that apparently belonged to the Indo-European family, and possibly to a subgroup termed ""Para-Celtic"" which would also The Portuguese Empire, also known as the Portuguese Overseas Empire (Ultramar Português) or the Portuguese Colonial Empire (Império Colonial Português), was the first global empire in history. In addition, Germania Superior, so called for the reason that it lay upstream of Germania Inferior, was a province of the Roman Empire. It comprised the area of western Switzerland, the French Jura and Alsace regions Admiral of Flanders (1383–1483) and Admiral of the Netherlands (1485–1573) was a title in the medieval Low Countries for the commander of the war fleet. The title of Admiral (from the Arab emir-al-bahr), Evidence of magic use and witch trials were prevalent in the Early Modern period, and Inquisitorial prosecution of witches and magic users in Italy during this period was widely documented. Primary sources Iziaslav II Mstislavich (Изяслав II Мстиславич in Russian) (c. 1097 – 13 November 1154), Prince of Pereyaslav, Princ of Turov, Prince of Rostov,Prince of Vladimir and Volyn, Pereyaslavl, Velikiy Kniaz The Anjala conspiracy of 1788 was a scheme by disgruntled Swedish officers to end Gustav III's Russian War of 1788&ndash;90. Declaring Finland an independent state was part of the plot, although it is The Dolomite Declaration was adopted by the mostly communist led OF in Slovenia on March 1, 1943. It gave the Communist party of Slovenia (KPS) exclusive leadership in resistance against fascism. It was Limpieza de sangre is also a novel in the Captain Alatriste series by Arturo Pérez-Reverte. Limpieza de sangre (in Spanish),, both meaning ""cleanliness of blood"" played an important role in modern Iberian Huta Stepańska was an ethnic Polish village, located in prewar Kostopol county, Wołyń Voivodeship, in the Second Polish Republic. In 1943, during the Massacres of Poles in Volhynia, it became an important Anglo-Saxon missionaries were instrumental in the spread of Christianity in the Frankish Empire during the 8th century, continuing the work of Hiberno-Scottish missionaries which had been spreading Celtic The Centros Andaluces (""Andalusian Centers"") were cultural associations that existed throughout Andalusia and in other places in Spain and abroad, dedicated to the creation and promotion of congresses, The Tribes of Galway (Treibheanna na Gaillimhe) were fourteen merchant families who dominated the political, commercial, and social life of the city of Galway in western Ireland between the mid-13th and Aurelius (c. 740 &ndash; 774) was the King of Asturias from 768 to his death. Born in León, he was the son of Fruela and brother of Alfonso I of Asturias. He was thus a cousin of his predecessor Fruela The Treaty of Meerssen or Mersen was a partition treaty of the Carolingian Empire concluded on 8 August 870 by the two surviving sons of Emperor Louis the Pious, King Charles the Bald of West Francia Estat Català is a historical pro-independence political party in Catalonia, Spain, and one of the oldest in Europe. Despite its role in the 20th and 21st centuries both in Catalan and Spanish politics, The family of the Hauteville was a petty baronial Norman family from the Cotentin which rose to prominence in Europe, Asia, and Africa through its conquests in the Mediterranean, especially Southern Italy The Order of Brothers of the German House Saint Mary in Jerusalem, or for short the Teutonic Order, is a German Roman Catholic religious order. It was formed to aid Catholics on their pilgrimages to the Harald Maddadsson (c. 1134 – 1206) was Earl of Orkney and Mormaer of Caithness from 1139 until 1206. He was the son of Matad, Mormaer of Atholl, and Margaret, daughter of Earl Haakon Paulsson of Orkney. Several Latin law codes of the Germanic peoples written in the Early Middle Ages (also known as leges barbarorum ""laws of the barbarians"") survive, dating to between the 5th and 9th centuries. They are The flag was adopted by the Estonian SSR on February 6, 1953. Prior to this, the flag was red with a gold hammer and sickle in the top-left corner. Above the hammer and sickle were the gold Latin characters The Coat of Arms of Socialist Republic of Serbia was adopted the same time as the flag, on 17 January 1947 and was designed by Đorđe Andrejević Kun. The traditional shield of arms of Serbia with 4 fire The amendments of 2008, which were proposed in November 2008 and came into force on 31 December 2008, have become the first substantial amendments to the Constitution of Russia of 1993 and extended the During the history of Portugal between 1415 and 1542, Portugal discovered an eastern route to India that rounded the Cape of Good Hope, discovered Brazil, established trading routes throughout most of The Bulgarian Crisis refers to an event as part of the Balkan crisis between 1885 and 1888 which saw a conflict between the Germans and the Russians. In September 1885, a rebellion in Eastern Rumelia 'Twice A Stranger: How Mass Expulsion Forged Modern Greece and Turkey' is a book by Bruce Clark published in 2006 concerning the population exchange between Greece and Turkey which took place in the early History of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth (1569–1648) covers a period in the history of Poland and Lithuania, before their joint state was subjected to devastating wars in the middle of the 17th century. The Bulgarian People's Macedonian-Adrianople Revolutionary Organization was a short-lived revolutionary organization from the region of Macedonia. It was created on May 4, 1910 by members of Secret Macedonian-Adrianople The Doorbraak was an attempt to renew the politics of the Netherlands after the Second World War. After the Second World War, there was widespread feeling amongst progressives that the pillarized political United Nations Security Council Resolution 290, adopted on December 8, 1970, after more invasions of the territory of the Republic of Guinea by naval and military units of Portugal on November 22/23 and The repatriation of Ukrainians from Poland to the Soviet Union in 1944-1946 was part of the World War II evacuation and expulsion that sought the ethnic consolidation of the territory of Poland and Ukraine. United Nations Security Council Resolution 218, adopted on November 23, 1965, after recalling previous resolutions on the topic, and Portugal's failure to implement them, the Council again demanded that The Marx-Lenin-Luxemburg-Front was a resistance movement founded by Henk Sneevliet, Willem Dolleman and Ab Menist, some months after the German invasion of the Netherlands on 10 May 1940. It lasted until The Slovak Republic, also known as the first Slovak republic or the Slovak state was a puppet clerofascist state which existed from 14 March 1939 to 8 May 1945 as an ally and client state of Nazi Germany. An Eye for an Eye: The Untold Story of Jewish Revenge Against Germans in 1945 is a book by John Sack, arguing that some Jews in Eastern Europe took revenge on their former captors while overseeing over Sava Kovačević (1905 &ndash; June 13, 1943) was a Yugoslav Montenegrin Partisan commander during World War II. Kovačević was born in Nudo, close to Nikšić, to a family of Montenegrin peasants. In his Unmasked: two confidential interviews with Hitler in 1931 is a book claiming to comprise transcripts of Richard Breiting's shorthand notes of two confidential interviews with Hitler in 1931. In addition The Real Maestranza de Caballería de Valencia (Royal Cavalry Armory of Valencia) is a Spanish maestranza de caballería created in 1697. The first set of bylaws were approved seven years later, and currently The National Union of Women's Suffrage Societies (NUWSS), also known as the Suffragists (not to be confused with the suffragettes) was an organisation of women's suffrage societies in the United Kingd During World War II, Czechoslovakia disappeared from the map of Europe. The re-emergence of Czechoslovakia as a sovereign state was not only the result of the policies of the victorious Western allies, The Seventh India Armada was assembled in 1505 on the order of King Manuel I of Portugal and placed under the command of D. Francisco de Almeida, the first Portuguese Viceroy of the Indies. The 7th Armada The expulsion of Germans from Romania after World War II, conducted on Soviet order early in 1945, uprooted tens of thousands of Romania's Germans, many of whom lost their lives. The deportation was part The Andalusian independentist conspiracy in 1641 was an alleged conspiracy of Andalusian nobility for Andalusia to secede from Spain. The conspiracy was brought to an end in summer 1641 after the plans The Negotiations of Bulgaria with the Central Powers and the Entente were attempts of the two belligerents in World War I, the Central Powers and the Entente to involve Bulgaria in the war on their side. The Declaration of State Sovereignty of Ukraine was adopted on July 16, 1990 by the recently elected parliament of Ukrainian SSR. The Declaration established the principles of Self-Determination of the The Commissioners of the Republic (commissaires de la République) or Regional Commissioners of the Republic (CRR) were government officials appointed as representatives of Charles de Gaulle by the Provisional The History of the Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire was written by English historian Edward Gibbon and published in six volumes. Volume I was published in 1776, and went through six printings. Volumes Austria at the time of National Socialism describes in particular the period of Austrian history from March 12, 1938 when the German annexation of Austria made Austria part of the German Third Reich until The Patriarchate of Aquileia was an historical state and episcopal see in northeastern Italy, centred on the ancient city of Aquileia situated at the head of the Adriatic, on what is now the Italian sea-coast, Harald Fairhair's campaign in Götaland was an attack that took place in the 870's. Snorri Sturluson writes in Harald Fairhair's saga that Harald Fairhair disputed the Swedish king Eric Eymundsson's hegemony The coat of arms of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic was adopted on March 14, 1919 by the government of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic and subsequently modified on November 7, 1928, January The Ministry of Agriculture, Fisheries and Food (MAFF) was a United Kingdom government department created by the Board of Agriculture Act 1889 and at that time called the Board of Agriculture, and then The following are some historical Germanic Confederations: 230 BC - Bastarnae, a mixture of Germanic tribes, at the Black Sea; they participated in the siege of Olbia (modern South Ukraine) in 220 BC. The province of Kurdistan (Eyâlet-i Kurdistan) was established by the Ottoman Empire following the suppression of Bedirhan Bey's revolt in 1847. The provincial setup was later altered and its name had Xavier María de Munibe e Idiáquez, Conde de Peñaflorida (Count of Peñaflorida), was an important figure of Enlightenment Spain. He founded an academy in Bergara in 1748, which would become the first Sociedad The Eire (Confirmation of Agreements) Act 1938 (182 Geo. VI, c.25) was an Act of the British Parliament passed on 17 May 1938. It was the British implementing measure for the 1938 Anglo-Irish Agreements The Case for Kosova: Passage to Independence is a book edited by Anna Di Lellio and published in July 2006 by Anthem Press. It describes its aim as being ""to counteract the anti-Albanian propaganda waged United Nations Security Council Resolution 739, adopted without a vote on February 5, 1992, after examining the application of the Republic of Moldova for membership in the United Nations, the Council The Memorandum of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts (often referred to as the SANU Memorandum) was a draft document produced by a committee of the Serbian Academy from 1985 to 1986. In September A series of massacres of Albanians in the Balkan Wars were committed by the Serbian and Montenegrin Army and paramilitaries, according to international reports. During the First Balkan War of 1912-13, The Russo–Turkish War of 1828–1829 was sparked by the Greek War of Independence. The war broke out after the Sultan, incensed by the Russian participation in the Battle of Navarino, closed the Dardanelles Yellow - Less than 10% in census of 1991 Dark Green - More than 5% increase by 2005 Light Green - Less than 5% increase by 2005 Grey - Fallen by more than 5% by 2005]] The Russo-Polish War of 1654–1667, also called Thirteen Years' War, First Northern War was the last major conflict between Tsardom of Russia and the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. Between 1655 and 1660, United Nations Security Council Resolution 829, adopted without a vote on May 26, 1993, after examining the application of the Principality of Monaco for membership in the United Nations, the Council The 1951 Polish–Soviet territorial exchange or Polish-Soviet border adjustment treaty of 1951 was the largest peaceful territorial exchange in Polish history and one of the largest border adjustments An agreement for the improvement of relations between the US and German governments, signed in Washington, D.C. on December 8, 1923. The US Senate advised and consented to ratify on February 10, 1925. This article presents the Demographic history of the Republic of Macedonia through census results. See Demographics of the Republic of Macedonia for a more detailed overview of the current demographics The Polish–Swedish War of 1626–1629 was the fourth stage (after 1600–1611, 1617–1618, and 1620–1625) in a series of conflicts between Sweden and Poland fought in the 17th century. It began in 1626 and The War of the Succession of Flanders and Hainault was a series of feudal conflicts in the mid-thirteenth century between the children of Margaret II, Countess of Flanders. They concerned the succession Condition of Farm Labour in Eastern Germany is a book written by Maximilian Weber, a German economist and sociologist, in 1892. Note that the original edition was in German and the title can be translated , as diagonal shiny yellowish strips applied to the stamp paper before printing, intended to prevent cleaning and reuse of stamps. In the illustration to the left, the bars are so prominent that they in 1794 (Rossilhão campaign). The battle did not go well, and by 1795, Spain had privately sued for peace, signed an alliance and aligned its external politics against England. Even as Portugal was politically The Norwegian Directorate for Cultural Heritage is a government agency responsible for the management of cultural heritage in Norway. Subordinate the Norwegian Ministry of the Environment, it manages Rákóczi's War for Independence was the first significant freedom fight in Hungary against absolutist Habsburg rule. It was fought by a group of noblemen, wealthy and high-ranking progressives who wanted United Nations Security Council Resolution 801, adopted without a vote on January 8, 1993, after examining the application of the Czech Republic for membership in the United Nations, the Council recommended See Origin of the Romanians for a multidiscipline approach of the subject. Most of the literary sources for the origin of the Romanians have been interpreted in various ways by the adherents of divergent Postage stamps and postal history of Great Britain surveys postal history from the United Kingdom and the postage stamps issued by that country and its various historical territories until the present The coat of arms of the Estonian SSR was adopted in 1940 by the government of the Estonian SSR. It features a sunrise accented by sunbeams, the hammer and sickle for the victory of communism and the ""world-wide The German involvement in Abkhazia dates back to the 1870s, when Russian Tsar Alexander II decided to settle German villagers in Abkhazia to ""civilize"" the newly conquered Caucasian peoples. The German This article is about the Demographic history of Bosnia and Herzegovina, and deals with the country's documented demographics over time. For an overview of the various ethnic groups and their historical The History of the Gaelic Athletic Association is much shorter than the history of Gaelic games themselves. Hurling and Caid were recorded in early Irish history and they pre-date recorded history. The The Russo-Persian War of 1826-1828 was the last major military conflict between the Russian Empire and the Persian Empire. After the Treaty of Gulistan concluded the previous Russo-Persian War in 1813, The Swedish pre-history ended around 800 CE, when the Viking Age began. The Viking Age lasted to the mid-11th century, when the Christianization broke through. Circa 1050 to 1350 — when the Black Death This is a survey of the postage stamps and postal history of the Netherlands. The Netherlands is located in North-West Europe. It borders the North Sea to the north and west, Belgium to the south, and The flag of the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic was adopted by the Georgian SSR on April 11, 1951. Prior to this, the flag was red with the Georgian characters სსსრ (SSSR) in gold in the top-left corner. For other uses of this and similar names, see Vocea Basarabiei (disambiguation). Vocea BasarabieiFormation 1945Extinction 1948Type anti-Soviet groupLocation BessarabiaOfficial languages Romanian Vocea The Border Campaign (12 December 1956 – 26 February 1962) was a campaign of guerrilla warfare carried out by the Irish Republican Army (IRA) against targets in Northern Ireland, with the aim of overthrowing The Irish Free State (Agreement) Act 1922 (12 &amp; 13 Geo. 5. c.4. ) was an Act of the British Parliament passed on 31 March 1922. It gave the force of law to the Anglo Irish Treaty, which was scheduled The Provisional Government of Western Thrace, later renamed to Independent Government of Western Thrace, was a small, short-lived unrecognized republic established in Western Thrace from August 31 to United Nations Security Council Resolution 180, adopted on July 31, 1963, affirmed that Portugal claiming its overseas territories as part of metropolitan Portugal was contrary to the principles of the The Royal Audiencia and Chancellería of Valladolid was a Spanish judicial institution set up in Valladolid in 1371, with jurisdiction over all of the territories of the Crown of Castile. It was the first United Nations Security Council Resolution 1691, adopted without a vote on 22 June 2006, after examining the application of the Republic of Montenegro for membership in the United Nations, the Council The Basque Museum of the History of Medicine and Science Jose Luis Goiti was founded in 1982 to preserve the historic memory of medicine in the Basque Country and conserve its scientific heritage. The The Treaty of San Stefano of March 3, 1878 provided for a self-governing Bulgarian state, which comprised the geographical regions of Moesia, Thrace and Macedonia. Based on that date Bulgarians celebrate The Royal Commission on the Constitution, also referred to as the Kilbrandon Commission (initially the Crowther Commission) or Kilbrandon Report, was a long-running royal commission set up by Harold Wilson's During the 17th century, despite having scarcely more than 1 million inhabitants, Sweden emerged to have greater foreign influence, after winning wars against Denmark–Norway, The Holy Roman Empire, Russia, began negotiating the Treaty of Stockholm, which refers to the two treaties signed in 1719 and 1720 that ended the war between Sweden on one side and Hanover and Prussia on the other. The last remains The Pursuit of Glory: Europe 1648&ndash;1815, written by the British historian Timothy Blanning, was first published by Allen Lane in 2007. It met with very favourable reviews, was The Sunday Times history Lithuanian–Belorussian Soviet Socialist Republic or Litbel was a Soviet-controlled republic, that existed within the territories of modern Belarus and eastern Lithuania, for approximately seven months During the Soviet occupation, the religious life in Bessarabia and Northern Bukovina underwent a persecution similar to the one in Russia between the two World Wars. In the first days of occupation, certain The European Documentation and Information Centre was founded in 1952 on the occasion of a first international congress in Santander. The CEDI was meant to unite different Christian and conservative movements This is a survey of the postage stamps and postal history of Slovakia. Slovakia is a landlocked country in Central Europe with a population of over five million and an area of about 49,000 square kilometres The United Kingdom was one of the Allied Powers during World War I (1914–1918), and developed as a nation throughout the war in order to further its goal of defeating the Central Powers. The country's ""The Destruction of Thracian Bulgarians in 1913"" (in Bulgarian ""Разорението на тракийските българи през 1913 година"") were events described by Bulgarian academician Lyubomir Miletich in 1918, but also Temes is the name of an administrative county of the historic Kingdom of Hungary. Its territory is currently in south-western Romania and northern Serbia. The capital of the county was Timişoara. Iceland spar, formerly known as Iceland crystal, is a transparent variety of calcite, or crystallized calcium carbonate, originally brought from Iceland, and used in demonstrating the polarization of The Holy Ampulla or Holy Ampoule (Sainte Ampoule in French) was a glass vial which, from its first recorded use, by Pope Innocent II for the anointing of Louis VII in 1131 to the coronation of Louis XVI The Samara flag is one of the most important military symbols of the Bulgarian Army. Sewed by local nuns and given to the Bulgarian volunteers in the Russo-Turkish War of 1877-78 by the citizens of the Periodization is the attempt to categorize or divide time into named blocks. The result is a descriptive abstraction that provides a useful handle on periods of time with relatively stable characteristics. West Berlin was a political exclave that existed between 1949 and 1990. It comprised the western regions of Berlin, which were bordered by East Berlin and parts of the German Democratic Republic. West The Ustaša - Croatian Revolutionary Movement was a Croatian fascist anti-Yugoslav separatist movement. The ideology of the movement was a blend of fascism, Nazism, Croatian ultranationalism, and Roman Saint Marinus was the founder of the world's oldest surviving republic, San Marino, in 301. Tradition holds that he was a stonemason by trade who came from the island of Rab on the other side of the Adriatic King of Rama was a title used by the monarchs of Hungary to provide a legal basis for their pretence of supremacy over Bosnia. A state called Rama never existed; the title of King of Rama became incorporated The Sámi people are the indigenous people of northern Europe inhabiting Sápmi, which today encompasses parts of northern Sweden, Norway, Finland and the Kola Peninsula of Russia. The traditional Sami Kozan is capital town of Kozan district in Adana Province, Turkey, 68 km north of the city of Adana, in the northern section of the Çukurova plain. The Kilgen Stream, a tributary of the Ceyhan River (formerly Black Ladinos were Spanish-speaking black Africans born in Latin America, or exiled to the Americas after spending time in Castile . They were often referred to as negros ladinos (""cultivated"" or ""latinized Jelena Lijepa was Queen of Croatia. She was born a Hungarian princess (Ilona) and was the daughter of Árpád dynasty King Bela I, sister to King Ladislaus I of Hungary, granddaughter of Polish King Mieszko The Vizsoly Bible, also called Károli Bible was the first Bible printed in the Hungarian language. It was translated in the 16th century by pastor Gáspár Károli and fellow Calvinists and was printed in Vinland Saga refers to stories regarding the discovery and exploration of North America by the Vikings around 1000 CE. It may also refer to: Vinland Sagas, two Icelandic documents detailing the discovery Echthighern mac Cennétig was a son of Cennétig mac Lorcáin and brother of Mathgamain and Brian Bóruma of the Dál gCais in early medieval Ireland. The historian Geoffrey Keating states that during the The fleur-de-lis is a stylized lily (in French, fleur means flower, and lis means lily) or iris that is used as a decorative design or symbol. It may be ""at one and the same time, political, dynastic, Ausculta Fili (Latin, literally ""Give ear, my son"") is a letter addressed 5 December 1301, by Pope Boniface VIII to Philip the Fair, King of France. This letter is couched in paternalistic terms. It points A heerlijkheid (a Dutch word; pl. heerlijkheden; alternative spelling heerlykheid) was the basic administrative and judicial unit in rural areas in Dutch-speaking lands before 1800. It originated in the The mark (plural marka) was the currency of Estonia between 1918 and 1928. It was initially equivalent to the German Papiermark, which had been circulating alongside the Russian/Soviet ruble since the Mac Con Midhe was the name of a family of poets in Gaelic Ireland. The name is also now rendered as MacNamee, Conmee, and Conway. The best known of them are Giolla Brighde Mac Con Midhe; Brian mac Aonghus , Gothiscandza was the first settlement of the Goths after their migration from Scandinavia around 1490 B.C. Jordanes relates that the East Germanic tribe of Goths were led from Scandza by their king The Magnum Crimen is a book about clericalism in Croatia from the end of nineteenth century until the end of the Second World War. The book, whose full title is Magnum crimen - pola vijeka klerikalizma West Prussia was a province of the Kingdom of Prussia from 1773&ndash;1824 and 1878&ndash;1919/20 which was created out of the earlier Polish province of Royal Prussia. After Germany was defeated in 1918, First Fleet is the name given to the 11 ships which sailed from Great Britain on 13 May 1787 with about 1,487 people, including 778 convicts (192 women and 586 men), to establish the first European colony The Saar Treaty, or ""Treaty of Luxembourg"" is an agreement between Germany and France concerning the return of the Saarland to Germany. The treaty was signed on October 27, 1956 by foreign ministers Heinrich The Fifth Court was a high court established in Iceland approximately in the year 1015 during the period of the Icelandic Commonwealth. The jurisdiction of the court was the entire country, as opposed Minnehallen or The hall of remembrance was commissioned by the Norwegian parliament after World War I to commemorate the fallen Norwegian sailors of the war. It was unveiled by king Haakon VII and was The Zoudenbalch family (also known as Soudenbalch) was one of the most prominent families of Utrecht throughout the Middle Ages to the age of the Dutch Revolt. They occupied all posts of importance in The Gottorp Fury was the name given to the wild excesses the young king Charles XII of Sweden and his cousin Frederick IV, Duke of Holstein-Gottorp amused themselves with in the summer of 1698. Duke Frederick Swashbuckler or swasher is a term that developed in the 16th century to describe rough, noisy and boastful swordsmen. It is based on a fighting style using a side-sword with a buckler in the off-hand, Operation Leo was a plan to kidnap the Swedish Minister for Immigration Anna-Greta Leijon in 1976. The plan was devised by the second generation of the German Red Army Faction. The first generation of Nakh peoples are a group of historical and modern ethnic groups speaking (or historically speaking) Nakh languages and sharing certain cultural traits. In modern days, they reside almost completely in The Welles Declaration, issued on July 23, 1940 by United States Under Secretary of State Sumner Welles, then acting Secretary of State, condemned what the U.S. and Balts saw as the USSR’s annexation Vasiliy I Dmitriyevich (30 December 1371 – 27 February 1425) was Grand Prince of Moscow from 1389. He was the oldest son of Dmitri Donskoi and Grand Princess Eudoxia, daughter of the Grand Prince Dmitry Ţinutul Suceava was one of the ten Romanian ţinuturi (regions), founded in 1938 after King Carol II initiated an institutional reform by modifying the 1923 Constitution and the law of territorial administration. The history of Turkey refers to the history of the country now called Turkey. Although the lands have an ancient history, Turkic migration to the country is relatively new. The Turks, a society whose Stepanos Orbelian (c. 1250 – 1305) was a thirteenth century Armenian historian and the Metropolitan of the province of Syunik. He is best known for his well-researched Patmutyun Nahangin Sisakan, or History The Italian Unabomber is a name given by the international media to an unknown terrorist tied to a series of booby-trap bombings in northern Italy, specifically in the Veneto and Friuli-Venezia Giulia The toponyms of Finland result mainly from the legacy left by three linguistic heritages: the Finnish language (spoken by about 93% of the population), the Swedish language (about 5,5%) and Sami languages Ishpuinis (also Ispuini) was a king of the ancient country of Urartu. He succeeded his father, Sarduri I, who moved the capital to the ancient city of Tushpa (Van). Ishpuinis conquered the Mannaean city Kacsics was the name of a gens (""clan"") in the Kingdom of Hungary. According to some historians, they might have been a descendants of a Croatian noble family of Kačić, dukes of Omiš. Their possessions Modern Sweden emerged out of the Kalmar Union formed in 1397 and by the unification of the country by King Gustav Vasa in the 16th century. In the 17th century Sweden expanded its territories to form Saint Carthage the Elder (or Carthach) was an Irish bishop and abbot in the sixth century. His feast day is March 5. The saint is mainly known as the tutor and fosterer of his greater namesake, Saint The bombing of Guernica (April 26, 1937) was an aerial attack on the Basque town of Guernica, causing widespread destruction and civilian deaths during the Spanish Civil War. The raid by planes of the The Prehistory of the Iberian peninsula begins with the arrival of the first hominins 1.2 million years ago and ends with the Punic Wars, when the territory enters the domains of written history. In this The District of Monza was one of the forth divisions of the Department of Olona, the province of Milan during the Napoleonic Italian Republic. It received the numeral III and its capital was Monza. Old Great Bulgaria or Great Bulgaria (Παλαιά Μεγάλη Βουλγαρία in Byzantine chronicles) was а term used by Byzantine historians to refer to Onoguria during the reign of the Bulgar ruler Kubrat in the 7th The Uitvoerend Bewind (Dutch for Executive Authority) was the name of the government of the Batavian Republic between 1798 and 1801. The president of the Uitvoerend Bewind was head of state of the Batavian The Sveaborg Rebellion was a rebellion which started June 30, 1906 on the sea fortress Suomenlinna (Sveaborg in Swedish and Russian) as part of the Russian Revolution of 1905–1907. The rebellion began Saint Paisius Velichkovsky or Wieliczkowski (Paisie de la Neamţ in Romanian; Паисий Величковский in Russian; Паїсій Величковський in Ukrainian; 1722-1794) is the person who transmitted Eastern Orthodox Nikollë Keta, (1740?-1803), was an ethnic Albanian writer and poet. He was born in Contessa Entellina, the oldest Albanian settlement in Sicily, founded between 1450 and 1467. He was educated at the Greek The Duchies of Silesia resulted from divisions of the original Duchy of Silesia after 1138. In accordance with the last will and testament of Duke Bolesław III Wrymouth, the Kingdom of Poland was, upon Germania Inferior was a Roman province located on the left bank of the Rhine, in today's Luxembourg, southern Netherlands, parts of Belgium, and North Rhine-Westphalia left of the Rhine. The principal The Navarrese Company was a company of mercenaries, mostly from Navarre and Gascony, which fought in Greece during the late 14th century and early 15th century, in the twilight of Frankish power in the The Fueros of Navarre, or Fuero general de Navarra, were the medieval laws of the kingdom of Navarre. They were a sort of constitution which defined the position of the king, the nobility, and the judicial Prince Grigoriy Aleksandrovich Potyomkin-Tavricheski (September 24 1739) – October 16 1791) was a Russian general-field marshal, statesman, nobleman and favourite of Catherine II the Great. He is primarily Nadere Reformatie is a Dutch term that refers to a period of church history in the Netherlands, following the Reformation, from roughly 1600 until 1750. The term is most often translated into English The Islamic Declaration, is the title of a book published by Alija Izetbegović in 1969–70 and republished in 1990 in Sarajevo, that offers his view on Islam and modernization. Izetbegović was ideologically Cornelius Bocchus was a Lusitanian who wrote about natural history. Most of his writings were lost, but ancient authors mention his writings. Pliny the elder writes an excerpt of the Chronicle of Cornelius The Gharb Al-Andalus, or just Al-Gharb (Arabic الغرب — Al-gharb, meaning The West), was the name given by the Moors of Iberia to the modern region of Algarve and, by extension, to most of Portugal. Norwegian serfdom can be a way of defining the position of the Norwegian lower class farmers, though they were not actually in serfdom by European standards. The evolution of this social system began The Treaty of Templin was concluded on November 24/25, 1317, ending a war between the Margraviate of Brandenburg and Denmark, the latter leading a North German alliance. During this war, Brandenburgian The Kingdom of Bosnia or the Bosnian Kingdom was one of the medieval kingdoms of the Balkans, that emerged as a political autonomous entity in the late 12th century, elevating to the kingdom in the late Stanislav Vukolajev Radonjic, born 1690 in Njegusi, died 17 March 1758 in St. Petersburg, was the first governor of Montenegro and was buried with great honors by the Russian court. The family coat of Croatian nationalism is the nationalism of the people of Croatia. It initially took the form of the aspiration for national independence: the creation of a Croatian nation state. The country did eventually The Kalamaja cemetery in Tallinn in Estonia was once the city's oldest existing cemetery, located in the suburb of Kalamaja in the north of the city. It contained thousands of graves of ethnic Estonian The history of Austria covers the history of the current country of Austria and predecessor states, from the Iron Age, through to a sovereign state, annexation by the German Third Reich, partition after The Treaty of Hadiach was a treaty signed on 16 September 1658 in Hadiach (Hadziacz, Hadiacz, Гадяч) between representatives of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth (represented by S. Bieniewski and K. Alexandre Herculano de Carvalho e Araújo (born March 28, 1810 in Lisbon &ndash; died September 13, 1877 in Santarém), was a Portuguese novelist and historian. Born of humble stock, his grandfather was Charles Fleetwood (c. 1618 – 4 October 1692) was an English Parliamentary soldier and politician, Lord Deputy of Ireland from 1652–55, where he enforced the Cromwellian Settlement. At the Restoration The Battle of Fundina took place on 2 August 1876 in Fundina, a village in Kuči, Principality of Montenegro. The Montenegrin Army was led by the two Montenegrin dukes, Ilija Plamenac and Marko Miljanov, Estéban de Dorantes (c.1500–1539) was a Moorish slave with a significant role in the Spanish exploration of New Mexico. Estéban is said to have been born in Azemmour, Morocco around the year 1503. Robert Catherine Jagiellon of Poland was Duchess of Finland 1562-83, Queen Consort of Sweden 1569-83 and Grand Princess of Finland 1581-83 and heir to her mother's claim to the title of King of Jerusalem. She Astrid Njalsdotter or Ástríðr Njálsdóttir was, according to Hervarar saga, the Norwegian-born mother of the Swedish king Stenkil. All our knowledge about her come from this source and it reads as follows: The Weapons Cache Case is a Finnish criminal case of the late 1940s. It concerned a secret military operation following the Continuation War, where a large number of Finnish Army weapons and equipment The Slovene Home Guard, SD for short, was a World War II collaborationist militia in the Province of Ljubljana (in what is now Slovenia). Slovenia was the northernmost part of Yugoslavia and, after the The Bishopric of Trent is a former ecclesiastical territory roughly corresponding to the present-day Northern Italian autonomous province of Trento. It was created in 1027 and existed until 1802, when The Pre-Roman Iron Age of Northern Europe designates the earliest part of the Iron Age in Scandinavia, northern Germany, and the Netherlands north of the Rhine River. These regions feature many extensive In the Battle of Leuthen, fought on 5 December 1757, Frederick the Great's Prussian army used maneuver and terrain to decisively defeat a much larger Austrian army under Charles of Lorraine, thus ensuring The Trafalgar Cemetery is a cemetery in Gibraltar that was used for burials between 1798 and 1814, and subsequently fell into disuse. Although its name commemorates the Battle of Trafalgar, only two of Pannonian Croatia or Pannonian Principality, also Savia, Southern Pannonia, Lower Pannonia, Transsavian Croatia, or just Pannonia was a medieval duchy from the 7th to the 10th century located in the Pannonian The Valpovo work camp was a camp set up by the communist regime of Yugoslavia for Germans and Austrians in the aftermath of the Second World War. The camp operated from 1945 to 1946. Germans and Austrians Carpathian Ruthenia, aka Transcarpathian Ruthenia, Transcarpathian Ukraine, Zakarpattia, Rusinko, Subcarpathian Rus, Subcarpathia is a small region in Central Europe, now mostly in western Ukraine's Zakarpattia The Kingdom of León was an independent kingdom situated in the northwest region of the Iberian Peninsula. It was founded in 910 AD when the Christian princes of Asturias along the northern coast of the The County of Pallars or Pallás was a de facto independent petty state, nominally within the Carolingian Empire and then West Francia during the ninth and tenth centuries, perhaps one of the Catalan counties, The County of Coimbra was a political entity instituted as a military unit of defense in the borders of the Kingdom of Galicia in the Iberian Peninsula, and in what is today central Portugal. It was established The Velvet Revolution or Gentle Revolution (November 17 &ndash; December 29, 1989) was a non-violent revolution in Czechoslovakia that saw the overthrow of the authoritarian government. On November 17, Blaafarveværket in Modum, Norway, founded by King Christian VII of Denmark-Norway in the 1770s, became the largest industrial company of the country in the mid-19th century, employing more than 2,000 The Nordic Bronze Age (also Northern Bronze Age) is the name given by Oscar Montelius to a period and a Bronze Age culture in Scandinavian pre-history, c. 1700-500 BC, with sites that reached as far east Johann Steinhauer (19 January 1705 – 21 February 1779) was a Latvian entrepreneur, social reformer and landowner, who made significant contributions to the Latvian civil rights throughout the seventeen For other perspectives on the History of Catalonia, see also: History of Europe; History of Spain; History of France; Crown of Aragon; Catalonia (historic territory). The Catalan-Valencian cultural domain Count of Abrantes (in Portuguese Conde de Abrantes) was a Portuguese title of nobility created by a royal decree, dated from June 13, 1476, by King Afonso V of Portugal, and granted to his 4th cousin, VINITI Database RAS is the All-Union Institute for Scientific and Technical Information database. It is described as a large abstracting database. In general, it is indexed for the natural sciences, exact The term Batavian revolution refers to the political, social and cultural turmoil that marked the end of the Dutch Republic at the end of the 18th century. In the Netherlands, this era is called, together Silesian Przesieka, literally Silesian Cutting is the name of the old-Slavic border fortification in Silesia. The Przesieka, known from the early medieval written records, was developed as an impenetrable Arran, also known as Aran, Ardhan, Al-Ran, Aghvank and Alvank, Ran-i or Caucasian Albania, was a geographical name used in ancient and medieval times to signify the territory which lies within the triangle The Treaty of Teusina, Tyavzin or Tyavzino, also known as the Eternal Peace with Sweden in Russia, was concluded by Russian diplomats under boyar Afanasiy Pushkin and ambassadors of the Swedish king at Tristano Chiaromonte, a French-born knight who married Catherine of Taranto, youngest daughter of Mary of Enghien and Raimondo del Balzo Orsini, Prince of Taranto. Documents and sources about Tristan, The Treaty of Teschen was signed on May 13, 1779, in Cieszyn (Teschen), Austrian Silesia, between Austria and Prussia, which officially ended the War of the Bavarian Succession sparked by the death of Bosnian mujahideen were foreign Muslim volunteers who fought on the Bosnian government side during the 1992-1995 Bosnian war. They started to arrive in Bosnia with the aim of helping their ""Muslim brothers"" Futhorc (or fuþorc), a runic alphabet used by the Anglo-Saxons, was descended from the Elder Futhark of 24 runes and contained between 26 and 33 characters. It was used probably from the fifth century The Emirate of Armenia, also called the Principality of Armenia, refers to an aristocratic regime in early medieval Armenia that flourished in the period of interregnum between the seventh and ninth centuries, Argishti I was the sixth known king of the ancient Armenian kingdom of Urartu, reigning from 785 BC to 763 BC. He founded the citadel of Erebuni in 782 BC, which is the present capital of Armenia, Yer The Götaland theory is a local patriotic view which challenges established history and archaeology, and which claims that the foundation of Sweden was not in East Sweden, but in Västergötland. The adherents The Treaty of Hanover was developed in response to the Treaty of Vienna (June 7, 1725) in which King Philip V of Spain allied himself with Habsburg Austria after his daughter's engagement to Louis XV Pier Gerlofs Donia (c.1480 &ndash; 1520) was a Frisian warrior, pirate, and rebel. He is best known by his West Frisian nickname ""Grutte Pier"" (""Big Pier"" in the Old Frisian spelling), or by the Dutch The history of Silesia can be traced for many millennia, although only the last one and a half are relatively known. Silesia has been inhabited from time immemorial by people of multiple ethnic groups. The Basque witch trials of the 17th century represent the most ambitious attempt at rooting out witchcraft ever undertaken by the Spanish Inquisition. The trial of the Basque witches at Logroño, near The Carolingian dynasty (known variously as the Carlovingians, Carolings, or Karlings) was a Frankish noble family with its origins in the Arnulfing and Pippinid clans of the 7th century AD. The name Sergej Mašera (May 11, 1912 – April 17, 1941) was a naval Lieutenant of the Yugoslav Royal Navy, which on the April War, along with his fellow Lieutenant Milan Spasić blown up Destroyer Zagreb at Bay The Petroleum Revolution was a workers' revolt of a libertarian and syndicalist nature, which took place in Alcoy, Alicante, Spain in 1873. During the First Spanish Republic, Alcoy was one of the few The Treaty of Kurukove was an agreement between the Hetman Stanisław Koniecpolski of the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth and Mykhailo Doroshenko of the Ukrainian Kozaks. After four days of negotiations, The Púchov culture was an archaeological culture named after site of Púchov-Skalka in Slovakia. Its probable bearer was the Celt Cotini tribe. It existed in northern and central Slovakia (although it The Full City oil spill is an fuel oil spill incident on 31 July 2009 when the Panama-registered, Bulk carrier Full City operated by COSCO (H.K. ) Shipping Co. Ltd. ran aground near Såstein south of Langesund, Jovan Uglješa Mrnjavčević was a despot and brother of Serbian ruler Vukašin Mrnjavčević. After the death of Tsar Stephen Dušan, Ivan Uglesha pronounced himself an independent feudal lord. His realm was The Tophane Agreement was a treaty between the Principality of Bulgaria and the Ottoman Empire signed on 5 April 1886 during an ambassadorial conference in Istanbul . The agreement was named after the The history of Karelia dates to 7000-6000 BC. Mining began between 1 and 1000 AD. The ethnic structure of Karelia at the end of the first millennium consisted of Finno-Ugrian tribes. Hungary is a state in central Europe. Its history under this name dates to the early Middle Ages, when the Pannonian Basin was colonized by the Magyars, a seminomadic people from what is now central-northern This article describes the history of Belarus. The Belarusian ethnos is traced at least as far in time as other East Slavs. After an initial period of independent feudal consolidation, Belarusian lands Zodiac and Swastika is a book by Wilhelm Wulff. Originally published 1968 in Germany by Bertelsmann Sachbuchverlag as Tierkreis und Hakenkreuz: Als Astrologe an Himmlers Hof, it was released in 1973 in Ţinutul Prut was one of the ten Romanian ţinuturi (regions), founded in 1938 after King Carol II initiated an institutional reform by modifying the 1923 Constitution and the law of territorial administration. Notker of Liège (or Notger von Lüttich) (940 – 10 April 1008) was a Benedictine monk, bishop (972–1008) and first prince-bishop (980–1008) of the Bishopric of Liège with a capital Liège/Lüttich,. Notger The Battle of Covadonga was the first major victory by a Christian military force in Iberia following the Muslim Moors' conquest of that region in 711. Taking place about a decade later, most likely in The Deli Çay River, in southern Anatolia near today's Turkey&mdash;Syria border, was thought during earlier modern times to be the Pinarus river, where Alexander the Great defeated Darius III of Persia The rigsdaler was the unit of currency used in Norway until 1816 and in Denmark until 1873. The similarly named Reichsthaler, riksdaler and rijksdaalder were used in Germany and Austria-Hungary, Sweden The History of Albania emerges from the prehistoric stage from the 4th century BC, with early records of Illyria in Greco-Roman historiography. The modern territory of Albania has no counterpart in antiquity, The Treaty of Lieben was signed on June 25, 1608 between Holy Roman Emperor Rudolf II and his brother, Holy Roman Emperor Matthias. Based on the terms of the treaty, Rudolf surrendered Hungary, Austrian The Treaty of Zboriv was signed on August 17, 1649, after the Battle of Zboriv when the Crown forces of about 25,000 led by king John II Casimir of Poland were defeated by a combined force of Cossacks The Kingdom of Livonia was a nominal state in what is now the territory of the present-day Estonia and Latvia, declared as such by Ivan IV during the Livonian War but never properly established. On June The Golden Bull of 1242 was a golden bull or edict, issued by King Béla IV of Hungary to inhabitants of Gradec and Samobor during Mongol invasion of Europe. By this golden bull King Bela IV proclaimed The history of Greenland is the history of life under extreme Arctic conditions: an ice cap currently covers about 80 percent of the island, largely restricting human activity to the coasts. The first Ara the Beautiful is a legendary Armenian hero. He is notable in Armenian literature for the popular legend in which he was so handsome that the Assyrian queen Semiramis waged war against Armenia just The pengő (sometimes written as pengo or pengoe in English) was the currency of Hungary between 1 January 1927, when it replaced the korona, and 31 July 1946, when it was replaced by the forint. The pengő ""Hungarian prehistory"" is a specific period in the history of the Hungarian people that refers to the time starting from when the Magyars were considered a people separate and identifiable from other Rus&#39; is an ethno-cultural region in Eastern Europe inhabited by Eastern Slavs. Historically, it comprises the northern part of Ukraine, the north-western part of Russia, Belarus and some eastern parts The Srebrenica massacre, also known as the Srebrenica genocide, refers to the July 1995 killing of more than 8,000 Bosniak men and boys, as well as the ethnic cleansing of another 25,000–30,000 refugees, The Varbola Stronghold was the largest circular rampart fortress and trading center built in Estonia, in Harju County in the 10th &ndash; 12th centuries. Parts of the ruins of the 580 meter long and 8-10 The County of Portugal was the region around Oporto and Braga, today corresponding to northern Portugal, from the late ninth to the early twelfth century, during which it was a fief of the Kingdom of Guglielmo Oberdan, (born Wilhelm Oberdank) (February 1, 1858 - December 20, 1882) was an Italian irredentist. He was executed after a failed attempt to assassinate Austrian Emperor Francis Joseph, thus Count of Atouguia (in Portuguese Conde de Atouguia) was a Portuguese title of nobility created by a royal decree, dated from 17 December 1448, by King Afonso V of Portugal, and granted to D. Álvaro Gonçalves The Marsi were a small Germanic tribe settled between the Rhine, Rur and Lippe rivers in northwest Germany. Tacitus mentions them repeatedly, in particular in the context of the wars of Germanicus. They Mikhail III of Tver or Michael the Exile (1453 – 1505) was the last prince of Tver. Mikhail was the son of Boris of Tver and Anastasia of Suzdal. He was Grand Prince of Tver from 1461 to 1485. He married The Germanic languages are a group of related languages that constitute a branch of the Indo-European (IE) language family. The common ancestor of all the languages in this branch is Proto-Germanic (also The Diocese of Pannonia, from 379 known as the Diocese of Illyricum, was a diocese of the Late Roman Empire. The seat of the vicarius (governor of the diocese) was Sirmium. Colonel Henry I. Kowalsky (August 16, 1859 - November 28, 1914) was a notable San Francisco defense attorney who led a gregarious and unscrupulous lifestyle and was employed by King Leopold II as a lobbyist The Emirs of Tbilisi ruled over the parts of today’s eastern Georgia from their base in the city of Tbilisi, from 736 to 1080 (nominally to 1122). Established by the Arabs during their invasions of Georgian The Duchy of Vasconia (also Wasconia) was originally a Frankish march formed in the seventh century to protect the Aquitanian frontier from the Basques (Vascones). It comprised the former Roman province The Singing Revolution is a commonly used name for events between 1987 and 1991 that led to the restoration of the independence of Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania, mainly in Estonia . The term was coined The Jireček Line is an imaginary line through the ancient Balkans that divided the influences of the Latin (in the north) and Greek (in the south) languages until the 4th century. It goes from near the The Young Czech Party (also National Liberal Party, Národní strana svobodomyslná) was formed in 1874. It initiated the democratization of Czech political parties and led to the establishment of the political Yaroslav I the Wise (c. 978 – February 20, 1054) was thrice Grand Prince of Novgorod and Kiev, uniting the two principalities for a time under his rule. During his lengthy reign, Rus' reached the zenith Dame (Cicely) Veronica Wedgwood OM DBE (20 July 1910 &ndash; 9 March 1997) was an English historian who generally published under the name C. V. Wedgwood. She specialized in European history of the sixteenth The Miracle of Calanda is an event that took place in Calanda, Spain in 1640, according to 17th century documents. The documents state that a young farmer's leg was restored to him after having been amputated The Battle of Grahovac occurred from 28 April to 1 May 1858, when the Grand Duke Mirko Petrović-Njegoš, elder brother of Knjaz Danilo, led a strong army of 7,500 and won a crucial battle against the Turks Mac Aodhagáin was the name of an Irish family of Brehons who originated among the Soghain people in what is now central Co. Galway. They were hereditary lawyers firstly to the Ó Conchobhair Kings of Connacht, Italian irredentism was an Italian Irredentist movement that aimed to the unification of all ethnically Italian peoples. Originally, the movement promoted the annexation to Italy of territories inhabited Mathieu d'Escouchy was a Picard chronicler during the last stages of the Hundred Years War. His Chronique was a continuation of the chronicle of Enguerrand de Monstrelet, with manuscripts of which it The Cretan Runner: His Story of the German Occupation (ISBN 0-7195-3475-5; John Murray, 1955 &mdash; republished ISBN 0-1402-7322-0; Penguin Books, 1998) is a book written by George Psychoundakis that 10th century founded Várad (vár = castle, -ad = diminutive suffix) 1082-1095 Várad Bishopric was founded by King Ladislaus I of Hungary. 12th century the second cultural and religious center of the kingdom. Henry Ashby Turner, Jr. (April 4, 1932 &ndash; December 17, 2008) was an American historian of Germany who was a professor at Yale University for over forty years. He is best known for his book German Zagreb, Croatia is a city with a rich history, dating from Roman times to the present day. The oldest settlement in the urban area of the city is Andautonia, a Roman settlement in the place of today's The Belle Époque was a period in European social history that began during the late 19th century and lasted until World War I. Occurring during the time of the French Third Republic and the German Empire, Lech, Čech, and Rus is a legend of three brothers &ndash; Lech, Čech, and Rus &ndash; who founded three Slavic nations: Poland (also known as Lechia), Bohemia (Čechy, now known as the Czech Republic), The Tican's Rebellion was a rebellion of the Syrmian peasants against feudal relations in society. The rebellion started in April 1807 on the estate of Ruma of earl Karlo Pejačević (who was also the prefect Ó Cléirigh is the surname of a learned Irish family whose members appear in historical records dating to the mid-Medieval Period. In the centuries prior to the historical era, they had been rulers of The Northvegr Foundation is a defunct educational foundation. It was incorporated in the United States of America. Its goals centered on honoring northern European pre-Christian history, culture and spiritual Izyaslav III Davidovich (Изяслав III Давидович in Russian) (died 1162), Prince of Chernigov (1152–1154, 1155–1157) and Grand Prince of Kiev (1154–1155, 1157–1158, 1162). He was the son of David Svyatoslavich The Huguenot Monument in Franschhoek, South Africa, is dedicated to the cultural influences that Huguenots have brought to the Cape Colony (and ultimately the whole of South Africa) after their immigration God's Playground is a book written in 1979 by Norman Davies, covering the history of Poland. Davies was inspired to the title by Jan Kochanowski's 1580s Boże igrzysko . The book (or two, as many editions The House of La Marck', (Maison de La Marck), [original German name] von der Marck was an important family in the history of Europe. The family history started with Adolf I. Count de La Mark at the beginning Kiek in de Kök (low German Peep into the Kitchen) is an old German language nickname for towers, mainly those which were parts of town fortifications. They gained the name from the ability of the tower Giorgakis Olympios was a Greek armatolos and military commander during the Greek War of Independence against the Ottoman Empire. Noted for his activities with the Filiki Eteria in the Danubian Principalities, Khutir or khutor is usually taken to refer to a single-homestead rural settlement of Eastern Europe. The word originated in Ukraine, but later came to be applied to farmsteads in Russia and Kazakhstan The Uskoci were Croatian Habsburg soldiers that inhabited the areas of the eastern Adriatic and the surrounding territories during the Ottoman wars in Europe. Etymologically, the word uskok itself means The Hasdingi were the southern tribes of the Vandals, an East Germanic tribe. They lived in areas of today's southern Poland, Slovakia and Hungary. They were part of the migratory movements of the Vandals, Anjou is a former county (c. 880), duchy (1360) and province centred on the city of Angers in the lower Loire Valley of western France. It corresponds largely to the present-day département of Maine-et-Loire. The Bavarii were a large and powerful tribe which emerged late in Teutonic tribal times. They replaced, or perhaps are simply another phase of, the previous inhabitants - the Rugians. They swiftly expanded Oidor is the Spanish name of the member judge of the Royal Audiencias and Chancillerías, originally courts of Kingdom of Castile, which became the highest organs of justice within the Spanish Empire. Jazovka is a pit in the Žumberak area of Croatia where the bodies of thousands of Croatian soldiers and civilians were dumped during and after the Second World War. The first victims were fascist Ustasha Lusitania was an ancient Roman province including approximately all of modern Portugal south of the Douro river and part of modern Spain (the present autonomous community of Extremadura and a small part Kaiser is the German title meaning ""Emperor"", with Kaiserin being the female equivalent, ""Empress"". Like the Russian Czar it is directly derived from the Latin Emperors' title of Caesar, which in turn In the 19th century the archaeologist that discovered the Anatolian Hittites initially identified them with the Biblical Hittites. The term ""Hittites"" was taken from the KJV (King James Version) translation Mostich was a high-ranking official in the 10th-century First Bulgarian Empire, during the rule of Simeon I and Peter I. He bore the title of Ichirgu-boil and was most likely the commander of the state Viminacium was a major city (provincial capital) and military camp of the Roman province of Moesia, and the capital of Moesia Superior. The archeological site occupies a total of 450 hectares. The city The Bructeri were a Germanic tribe located in northwestern Germany (Soester Börde), between the Lippe and Ems rivers south of the Teutoburg Forest, in present-day North Rhine-Westphalia around 100 BC Victoriana refers to items or material from the Victorian period (1837–1901), especially those particularly evocative of the design style and outlook of the time. The word is usually used to refer to Samosata was an ancient city on the right (west) bank of the Euphrates whose ruins existed at the modern city of Samsat, Adıyaman Province, Turkey until the site was flooded by the newly-constructed Atatürk The Souls were a small, loosely-knit but distinctive social group in England, from 1885 to about 1920. Their members included many of the most distinguished English politicians and intellectuals. The The Machelones were a Colchian tribe located to the far south of the Phasis. There are several references to them in Classical sources. This group may be the Machorones of Pliny (NH 6.4.11) who placed The Rugini were only mentioned once, in a list of yet to mission tribes drawn by monk Bede (also Beda venerabilis) in his Historia ecclesiastica of the early 8th century: Sunt autem Fresones, Rugini, Rusa III (629 - 601) was the king of Urartu, called son of Erimena, probably the brother of Rusa II. Not much is known from his reign; his name was on a huge granary at Armavir and a series of bronze The Raetovari were an Alamannic tribe in the region of the Nördlinger Ries in the west of the German state of Bavaria. They were mentioned by the Roman historian Ammianus Marcellinus. Marols or Marollien (also known as Brusselse Sproek) was a dialect spoken in Brussels. Essentially it is a Dutch dialect incorporating many words of French origin as well as a sprinkling of Spanish dating The Sarmatians (Latin Sarmatæ or Sauromatæ, Greek Σαρμάται, Σαυρομάται) were an Iranian people of Classical Antiquity, flourishing from about the 5th century BC to the 4th century AD. Their territory The Sexovii are classified as a Celtic tribe. They lived in Gaul in present-day northwestern France and are discussed as Celts or Gauls. The Romans referred to them along with other tribes as Armoricans, Saint Sava (c. 1175 – 14 January 1235) was a Serbian nobleman and Orthodox monk, the first Archbishop of the autocephalous Serbian Orthodox Church, the originator of Serbian legislation and literature, Sotnia was a traditional division of the Cossack regiments from earliest records of the Zaporizhian Sich, and means 'a hundred'. It is equivalent to company (military unit). During the Cossack service Priozersk is a town on the Karelian Isthmus, in Leningrad Oblast, Russia, centered on an island at the southwestern shore of Lake Ladoga, at the estuary of the northern armlet of River Vuoksi. It is served A Darughachi (also referred to as a darugha) was originally an official in the Mongol Empire in charge of taxes and administration in a certain province (they were sometimes referred to as governors). The Liparitids, also known as Baghuashi (ბაღჳაში), were a noble house in medieval Georgia, with notable members from the 9th to 12th centuries and famed for their powerful resistance to the consolidation This article refers to the aristocratic title of boyar. For the Boyar caste of India, see Boyar (caste). A boyar or bolyar was a member of the highest rank of the feudal Moscovian, Kievan Rusian, Bulgarian, The Ausetani were an ancient Iberian people of the Iberian peninsula. They are believed to be of Iberian language. They lived in the eponymous region of Ausona and gave their name to the Roman city of Boiorix was a king of the Cimbri tribe. His most notable achievement was a spectacular victory against the Romans at the Battle of Arausio in 105 BC. He was later defeated and slain at the Battle of Vercellae The Varisci were a Germanic tribe, the presumed prior inhabitants of a mediaeval district, Provincia Variscorum, the same (in presumption) as the Vogtland district of Saxony in Germany. They do not appear The Óenach, usually translated fair or assembly, was an annual gathering in Ireland which combined features of the popular assembly and fair. As well as the entertainment, the óenach was an occasion on Oriamendi (Marcha de Oriamendi) is the anthem of the Carlist movement. The name of the anthem stems from a battle which took place in 1837 during the First Carlist War. Benevento is a town and comune of Campania, Italy, capital of the province of Benevento, 50 km northeast of Naples. It is situated on a hill 130 m (300 ft) above sea-level at the confluence of the Calore Haliaetum was a Roman port on the northern Adriatic coast of the Istrian peninsula. The port was first established around 178-177BC following fierce resistance by the Histri, the indigenous population The Macrones were an ancient Colchian tribe in the east of Pontus, about the Moschici Mountains (modern Yalnizçam Dağlari, Turkey). They are first mentioned by Herodotus (c. 450 BC), who relates that The Kanun (or Kanuni in its defined form in Albanian) is a set of traditional Albanian laws. The Kanun was primarily oral and only in the 20th century was it published in writing. There are six kanuns, Attila, also known as Attila the Hun, was the ruler of the Huns from 434 until his death in 453. He was leader of the Hunnic Empire, which stretched from Germany to the Ural River and from the Danube Oiasso, Oiasona or Oiarso was a Basque Roman town located on the left bank of the Bidasoa estuary in the Bay of Biscay (current Basque Country, in Spanish territory). Archaeological evidence unearthed The Cagots were a persecuted and despised minority found in the west of France and northern Spain: the Navarrese Pyrenees, Basque provinces, Béarn, Aragón,Gascony and Brittany. Their name has differed Geuzen was a name assumed by the confederacy of Calvinist Dutch nobles and other malcontents, who from 1566 opposed Spanish rule in the Netherlands. The most successful group of them operated at sea, The Masraige were a Fir Bolg tribe inhabiting Magh Slécht in County Cavan, Ireland. They were also called Masragii, Masraide, Masraidhe, Masruidhe, Mascraide, Masree or Mascraidhe. The name can be translated Bagras or Baghras is the name of a town and nearby castle in present-day Turkey, in the Amanus Mountains. The castle, properly known as Gastun (or Gaston, Guascon, Gastim) provided a base for a force Myriandrus (or Myriandros) was an ancient Phoenician town and seaport located near the modern city of İskenderun, Turkey. In 333 BC Alexander the Great intended to lay an ambush at Myriandrus of Darius Khotyn is a city in Chernivtsi Oblast of western Ukraine, and is the administrative center of Khotyn Raion within the oblast, and is located south-west of Kamianets-Podilskyi. According to the 2001 Ukrainian The Chattuarii or Attoarii are a tribe of the Franks. They lived originally east of the northern Rhine and west of the Chatti. Their land was south of the Bructeri. Some of them settled in the pagus attuariorum Norwegian romantic nationalism was a movement in Norway between 1840 and 1867 in art, literature, and popular culture that emphasized the aesthetics of Norwegian nature and the uniqueness of the Norwegian The Turkish Historical Society is a research society studying the history of Turkey and the Turkish people, founded in 1931 by the initiative of Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, with headquarters in Ankara, Tur The Great Transformation was a period of intense change in Norwegian society during the mid-to-late 19th century. During this time most Norwegian farmers ended their traditional self-sufficient lifestyle This article is about groups, families, and individuals with histories in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. For other uses, see Polish-Lithuanian. Polish-Lithuanian is an adjective used to describe Below is the list of ancient settlements in Turkey. There are innumerable ruins of ancient settlements spread all over the country. While some ruins date back to Neolithic times, most of them were settlements The Myth of Hitler's Pope: How Pope Pius XII Rescued Jews from the Nazis is a book written by American historian Rabbi David G. Dalin and published in 2005 by Regnery Publishing. Rabbi Dalin first documents Köprüçay, ancient Eurymedon is a river that is situated in Antalya Province, Turkey, and empties into the Mediterranean. At its mouth, in the 460s BC (the actual date is highly disputed), the Athenian The Restoration was the name given to the period that began in December 29, 1874 after the First Spanish Republic ended with the restoration of Alfonso XII to the throne after a coup d'état by Martinez Jerusalem or On Religious Power and Judaism is the title of a book written by Moses Mendelssohn, which was first published in 1783 – the same year, when the Prussian officer Christian Wilhelm von Dohm Flammé (German geflammt) is a term in vexillology for a flag design that places a coat of arms in the center of the flag, filling the remaining space on the flag with flame-like designs. The design was Nicholas I (died 1233) was Bishop of Schleswig between 1209 and 1233. Since 1192 he de facto, though not consecrated, officiated during the flight and following royal captivity of his predecessor Bishop For other uses of this and similar names, see Soviet Occupation Day. Soviet Occupation Day is a public holiday in Georgia and is observed on February 25. The holiday is observed to recall the Red Army Bulgarian Constitutional Clubs (also known as Union of the Bulgarian Constitutional Clubs) was an ethnic Bulgarian political party in the Ottoman Empire, created after the Young Turk Revolution, by members The Military District of Preßburg was one of the administrative units of the Habsburg Kingdom of Hungary from 1850 to 1860. The seat of the district was Preßburg (Pozsony, now Bratislava). It included The Armenian Cathedral of the Holy Cross in Akhtamar Island, in Turkey, was a Cathedral of the Armenian Apostolic Church, which served as a royal church to the Armenian Vaspurakan kingdom. Arbeiderbevegelsens historie i Norge is a six-volume work about the labour movement history of Norway. It was released between 1985 and 1990 by Tiden Norsk Forlag. It was not the first work about the Patriarch Filaret (secular name in Ukrainian Mykhailo Antonovych Denysenko, in Russian Mykhail Antonovich Denisenko, officially His Holiness, the Patriarch of Kyiv and All Rus’ - Ukraine Filaret; born The Battle of Dražgoše was a Second World War battle between Slovene partisans (NOVJ) and Nazi Germany armed forces, which took place between January 9 and January 11, 1942, in the Slovenian village of A nationwide census, known as Census 2001, was conducted in the United Kingdom on Sunday, 29 April 2001. This was the 20th UK Census and recorded a resident population of 58,789,194. The UK 2001 census The Papal States under Pope Pius IX assumed a much more modern and secular character than had been seen under previous pontificates, and yet this progressive modernization was not nearly sufficient in Wars of national liberation or anti-colonialist wars were conflicts fought by indigenous military groups against imperial powers in the name of self-determination during the decolonization period of the Maestranzas de caballería (literally translated as cavalry armories) were noble guilds created in the modern age by the Spanish Crown, with the aim of giving the nobility practice in horsemanship and The Bulgarian coup d'état of 1923, also known as the 9 June coup d'état, was a coup d'état in Bulgaria implemented by armed forces under General Ivan Valkov's Military Union on the eve of 9 June 1923. The Dissolution of the Monasteries, sometimes referred to as the Suppression of the Monasteries, was the administrative and legal processes between 1536 and 1541 by which Henry VIII disbanded monasteries, in Switzerland. The first organization of Slovak ice hockey was established under the name of Slovenská župa kanadského ľadového hokeja as a part of the Slovak Ice Hockey Federation in what was then Czechoslovakia. Capitulations of the Ottoman Empire were contracts between the Ottoman Empire and European powers, particularly France. Turkish capitulations, or ahdnames, were generally bilateral acts whereby definite The Treaty of Bucharest was signed by Serbia and Bulgaria on March 3, 1886, in Bucharest, marking the end of the Serbo-Bulgarian War. The treaty contained a single article, stating that peace between Frederic de Coninck was a Dutch merchant active in Copenhagen, to which he moved in 1763 to set up a foreign trade and shipping company. He became one of Denmark's largest shipping owners, with a fleet Dragoljub ""Draža"" Mihailović was a Yugoslav Serbian general. A World War II Axis collaborator,""There is little doubt that Mihailović knew about these arrangements [the Chetnik arrangements with the Germans], The Aleksandrovo tomb is a Thracian burial mound and tomb excavated near Aleksandrovo, Haskovo Province, South-Eastern Bulgaria, dated to circa 4th century BCE. On December 17, 2000 the tomb was accidentally The military history of Africa is one of the oldest and most diverse military histories. Africa is a continent of diverse regions with diverse people speaking hundreds of different languages with many The Ukrainian presidential election, 1994 was held on June 26, 1994 and July 10, 1994. The presidential election was ahead of schedule, following a political compromise between the President and Parliament The history of the Republic of Venice began with the city of Venice, which originated as a collection of lagoon communities banded together for mutual defence from the Lombards as the power of the Byzantine The City of Besançon was a self governing city surrounded by Franche-Comté. After losing its status as a free imperial city within the Holy Roman Empire in 1654 the City of Besançon refused to recognise This is a List of rulers of Wallachia, from the first mention of a medieval polity situated between the Southern Carpathians and the Danube until the union with Moldavia in 1862, leading to the creation François Hemony (±1609-1667) and his brother Pieter (Pierre) Hemony (1619-1680) were the greatest carillon bell founders in the history of the Low Countries. They developed the carillon, in collaboration Cluysen - Ter Donck is now a hamlet along the Ghent-Terneuzen Canal, but for almost a century, there was a huge and very important international sporting event at that place. The early details of Faroese history are rather nebulous. It is possible that Saint Brendan, an Irish monk sailed past the islands during his North Atlantic voyage in the 6th century. He saw an 'Island This article is about the history of Romanians in what is now southwestern Ukraine, roughly between the Dniester River and the Bug River, who traditionally have not belonged to any Romanian statal entity, Women in Ukraine have equal constitutional rights as men in the economic, political, cultural and social fields, as well as in the family. Women make up 54% of the population of Ukraine and 45% of its The Province of Montenegro was a province of the Ottoman Empire in the Balkan Peninsula only roughly corresponding to today's Montenegro. It was created from the area of the former Principality of Zeta The Treaty of Fontainebleau, signed on 23 August / 2 September 1679, ended hostilities between Denmark-Norway and the Swedish Empire in the Scanian War. Denmark, pressured by France, restored all conquests Anti-Romanian discrimination and sentiment or ""Romanian-phobia"" is hostility toward or prejudice against Romanians as an ethnic, linguistic, religious, or perceived racial group, and can range from individual Hversu Noregr byggðist meaning 'How Norway was inhabited' in Old Norse, is an account of the origin of various legendary Norwegian lineages, which survives only in the Flatey Book. It traces the descedendants This is a timeline of Cypriot history. To read about the background to these events, see History of Cyprus. See also the list of presidents of Cyprus. This timeline is incomplete; some important events Armenian National Council in Tiflis was a representative body of the Armenians residing on the Georgian territory. It was established in October, 1917 at the All-Armenian Congress of Eastern Armenians. Pashaluk of Vidin was an administrative unit of the Ottoman Empire located in the territory of present-day north-western Bulgaria. It was formed in 1846 and its administrative centre was Vidin. It was The Croatian Revolutionary Brotherhood (CRB) was a far right-wing organisation formed in Australia in the early 1960s. The organisation was created by Croatian migrants to Australia from Yugoslavia after The Anglo-Spanish War of 1727–1729 was a limited war that took place between Great Britain and Spain during the Eighteenth Century, and consisted of a failed British attempt to blockade Porto Bello and Below is the list of Ancient kingdoms in Anatolia. Anatolia (most of modern Turkey) was the home of many ancient kingdoms. The earliest kingdoms which were merely city states, are not included in this Stephen Držislav (died 997) was a King of Croatia from 969 AD until his death in 997. He was a member of the Trpimirović dynasty. He ruled from Biograd with Godemir as his Ban. The Icelandic Independence movement is the term used to described the various efforts made by Icelanders to achieve self-determination and independence from the Kingdom of Denmark throughout the 19th The Partitioning of the Ottoman Empire was a political event that occurred after World War I. The huge conglomeration of territories and peoples formerly ruled by the Sultan of the Ottoman Empire was Claudiopolis also called Ninica and Ninica Claudiopolis, was an ancient city of Cilicia. Ammianus mentions Silifke and Claudiopolis as cities of Cilicia, or of the country drained by the Calycadnus; and Duke Momčilo's Tombstones is a group of three medieval tombstones about 5 km to the South-East from the center of Teslić in Republic of Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. The exact location of the tombstones Bulgarian nationalism emerged in the early 19th century under the influence of western ideas such as liberalism and nationalism, which trickled into the country after the French revolution, mostly via is the large island located in the east Mediterranean Sea. The first inhabitants of Cyprus were most probably, Carians; in historical times, Phoenicians; and later, Greeks. The first Jews settled during The Defence Forces Cemetery of Tallinn, sometimes called the Tallinn Military Cemetery, is one of the three cemeteries of the Tallinn City Centre Cemetery . It is situated about 3 kilometres outside the This is a list of Beowulf characters. Beowulf is an Old English heroic epic poem. Its creation dates to between the 8th and the 11th centuries, the only surviving manuscript dating to circa 1010. At 3183 The Serbian Guard was a Serbian paramilitary active in Croatia during its War of Independence with close ties to the Serbian Renewal Movement (SPO). Eighty percent of the guard's members were members , a team representing all of Ireland competed. Bill Britton (IRL) was awarded a silver medal in the Hammer Throw, the only medal to the team. In the second British Empire Games in 1934, held at London, Rafael de Izquierdo y Gutiérrez was a Spanish Military Officer, Political Leader and Statesman who became Governor-General of the Philippines from April 4, 1871 to January 8, 1873. He was famous for his Pomerania has experienced several transitions not only of culture and administration, but also of its population. The first historically noted major change occurred in the midst of the first millennium, The First Czechoslovak Republic (Czech první Československá republika), refers to the first Czechoslovak state that existed from 1918 to 1938. The state was commonly called Czechoslovakia (Československo). The State of Slovenes, Croats and Serbs was a short-lived state formed from the southernmost parts of the Austro-Hungarian monarchy after its dissolution at the end of the World War I by the resident The Georgian–Abkhazian conflict refers to the ethnic conflict between Georgians and Abkhazians in Abkhazia, which is presently a de facto independent partially recognized republic. In a broader sense, Throughout the period of Venetian rule, Ottoman Turks raided and attacked the peoples of Cyprus at will. The Greek population of Cyprus were given weapons by their rulers the Venetians and fought the Vojnomir or Voynomir, was a Croatian Prince of Pannonian Croatia, who ruled over Slavonia from c. 790 to c. 800 or from 791 to c. 810. Vojnomir is also known as Wonomyrus Sclavus (declined as Wonomyro This is a list of Presidents of the Diet of the Swiss Confederation (before 1848). For the period since the creation of Switzerland as a federal state in 1848, the List of Presidents of the Swiss Conf Vice Great Seneschal of Ireland, is not a formal title of office, but describes a functional role under the aegis of the Hereditary Great Seneschal or Lord High Steward of Ireland, the latter acting under The Siege of Stralsund from January to September 1807 was a siege during the War of the Fourth Coalition, part of the Napoleonic Wars. As a consequence, the Swedish Empire lost the fortified Baltic port Ferhat-paša Sokolović (d.1586) was one of the founding fathers of Banja Luka, the second largest city in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Born into the famous Bosnian family which, among others, also gave the Jiří Kristián, the Prince of Lobkowicz (May 14, 1835 - December 22, 1908) was a member of the old Bohemian aristocratic family of Lobkovic and influential politician of the late 19th century. Born in The Taurida Soviet Socialist Republic was a short-lived Soviet Republic situated in Crimea and adjacent areas that were the former Taurida Governorate of the Russian Empire. The state existed from 19 The Committee for the Independence of Georgia or the Parity Committee (პარიტეტული კომიტეტი, Paritetuli komiteti) was an underground anti-Soviet organization active in the Georgian Soviet Socialist Republic The Helgoland Island Air Disaster occurred on September 9, 1913, and is traditionally considered the first air disaster involving more than ten fatalities. A German Navy Zeppelin L-1 airship with 20 passengers Russia's population growth rate from 1850 to 1910 was the fastest of all the major powers except for the United States. Between 1850 and 1900, Russia's population doubled, but it remained chiefly rural The Sami revolt in Guovdageaidnu, also known as the Kautokeino uprising, was a revolt in the town of Kautokeino in northern Norway in 1852 by a group of Sami who attacked representatives of the Norwegian The Province of Lower Silesia was a province of the Free State of Prussia from 1919 to 1945. Between 1938 and 1941 it was reunited with Upper Silesia as the Province of Silesia. The capital of Lower Silesia The Recovery of Ré Island was accomplished by the army of Louis XIII in September 1625, against the troops of the Protestant admiral Soubise and the Huguenot forces of La Rochelle, who had been occupying The Affair of the Spanish Marriages was a series of intrigues between France, Spain, and the United Kingdom relating to the marriages of Queen Isabella II of Spain and her sister the infanta Luisa Fernanda April 14, 1978, demonstrations in Tbilisi, capital of the Georgian SSR, took place in response to an attempt by Soviet government to change the constitutional status of the indigenous Georgian language. The Kingdom of France was a short-lived constitutional monarchy that governed France from 3 September 1791 to 21 September 1792. Louis XVI ruled as the only King of the French from the state's creation This is a list of Governors (General captains) of the city of Ceuta under Portuguese control, since its conquest by King John I of Portugal, in 1415, until 1640. Since 1640 Ceuta didn't recognize the Matija Ivanić was a prominent 16th century citizen of the Croatian city of Hvar that led the Hvar Rebellion (1510–1514) against the Venetian Republic. After the defeat of the Rebellion, Ivanić became Wielbark culture was a pre-literate culture that archaeologists have identified with the Goths; it appeared during the first half of the 1st century CE. It replaced the Oksywie culture, in the area of The Pillars of Hercules was the phrase that was applied in Antiquity to the promontories that flank the entrance to the Strait of Gibraltar. The northern Pillar is the Rock of Gibraltar in the British The Austrian Littoral or Küstenland (Litorale, Primorska, Primorje) was a crown land within the Austrian Empire from 1813 till 1867 and of Austria-Hungary from 1867 to 1918. The Austrian Littoral included The Zakarids, also known by their Georgian language moniker as Mkhargrdzeli, were a noble family of Kurdish origin prominent in medieval Armenia and Georgia. Their name in Georgian, Mkhargrdzeli, or in Yuri II, also known as George II of Vladimir or Georgy II Vsevolodovich, was the fourth Grand Prince of Vladimir (1212&ndash;1216, 1218&ndash;1238) who presided over Vladimir-Suzdal at the time of the The Usages of Barcelona were the customs that form the basis for the Catalan constitutions. They are the fundamental laws, fueros, and basic rights of the Catalonia, dating back to their codification The history of Bulgaria as a separate country began in 681 AD. In 632 the Bulgars, originally from Central Asia, formed under the leadership of Kubrat an independent state that became known as Great Bulgaria. Adriaan Valckenier (6 June 1695, Amsterdam - 20 June 1751, Batavia, Dutch East Indies), was Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies from 3 May 1737 until 6 November 1741. Adriaan Valckenier's father, Ancient Histria or Istros (Ιστριη, Thracian river god, Danube), was a Greek colony or polis (πολις, city) on the Black Sea coast, established by Milesian settlers to trade with the native Getae. It became The Khmelnytsky Uprising, was a Cossack rebellion in Ukraine in 1648&ndash;1657 which turned into a Ukrainian war of liberation from Poland. Under the command of Hetman Bohdan Khmelnytsky, the Zaporozhian Libertine is a type of silver coin forged and used in the Republic of Ragusa that had its capital city in Dubrovnik, Croatia. The Republic existed from 1294 to 1803 but the coin was not minted for all The naval Battle of Matapan took place on 19 July 1717 off the Cape Matapan, on the coast of the Mani Peninsula in southern Greece, between the combined naval forces of Venice, Portugal, the Papal States Ireland King of Arms was the title of an officer of arms to the King of England and Lord of Ireland from 1392 until the accession of Henry VII as King of England in 1485. A king of arms is the highest Fort Lijdzaamheid ('Patience') is a Dutch-built fort located in the township of Apam, in the Central Region of Ghana. Commenced as a stone trading lodge in 1697, the lodge was later fortified to secure ""Van Amstel"" redirects here. You may be looking for Louis van Amstel, from ""Dancing With The Stars"". The van Aemstel or van Amstel dynasty was a major lordly dynasty in medieval Holland, which held the The Kingdom of Gibraltar is one of the many historic substantive titles pertaining to the Castilian monarchy and its successor, the Spanish monarchy, belonging to what is known as Grand Title. It was Michele Maylender (1863-1911) Founder of the Autonomist Association, known also as Autonomist Party in Fiume. Michele Maylender was born in Fiume on September the 11th 1863 as a son of a Jewish merchant. The Battle of Breadfield was the most tremendous conflict fought in Transylvania up to that time in the Hungarian-Turkish Wars taking place on October 13, 1479, on the Breadfield Zsibód (Şibot) near the Swedish Pomerania was a Dominion under the Swedish Crown from the 17th to the 19th century, situated on what is now the Baltic coast of Germany and Poland. Following the Polish War and the Thirty Years' Laibacher Zeitung was the largest and most influential newspaper in Ljubljana in the 18th and 19th century. It was written in German and published daily from 1778 till 1918. In its first period, it was Mission civilisatrice is a rationale for intervention or colonisation, proposing to contribute to the spread of civilization, mostly amounting to the Westernization of indigenous peoples. It was notably Carolingian Empire is a historiographical term which has been used to refer to the realm of the Franks under the Carolingian dynasty. This dynasty is seen as the founders of France and Germany. Depending The Gugunian Expedition was an attempt by a small group of Armenian nationalists from the Russian Empire to launch an armed expedition across the border into the Ottoman Empire in 1890 in support of local The history of Greece traditionally encompasses the study of the Greek people, the areas they ruled historically, and the territory now composing the modern state of Greece. The scope of Greek habitation St Peter La Rocque is an Anglican church in the Parish of Grouville, in Jersey. It was built in 1852 to serve the fishing community which flourished at La Rocque, which was seen as necessary by the Rector The history of Lithuania dates back to at least 1009, the first recorded written use of the term. Lithuanians later conquered neighboring lands, finally establishing the Kingdom of Lithuania in the 13th William de la Marck (1446&ndash;1485) was an adventurer, originating in Germany. He became an important character in the late 15th century in the Prince-Bishopric of Liège. William's was nicknamed Le The Raven Banner is booklet written and published by Ian Cassells, Thurso, circa 1995. It offers a history of Caithness as a part of the Norwegian earldom of Orkney from circa 885 to 1266, and a guide The Nationalist activism was an elitist political movement of the early 20th century in Scandinavia, Finland and the Baltic countries. The Activists advocated in brief a close cooperation with Imperial Westland New Post (WNP, also known as Westland National Socialistische Ordnung) was a Belgian neo-Nazi organization founded in March 1981 by Paul Latinus and members of the Front de la Jeunesse (FJ). The Magdeburg Centuries is a celebrated ecclesiastical history, divided into thirteen centuries, covering thirteen hundred years, ending in 1298; it was first published from 1559 to 1574. It was compiled The Privilegium Minus (as opposed to the later Privilegium Maius, which was a forgery) is a document issued by Emperor Frederick I on September 17, 1156. It included the elevation of the Margraviate of Antonio Walluschnig (Fiume, 1837–1911). In the context of the clash between Liberalism and radicalism in Hungary, after the death of Gaspare Matcovich, and together with Stanislao dall’Asta, local leader The Valaam Monastery, or Valamo Monastery is a stauropegic Orthodox monastery in Russian Karelia, located on Valaam, the largest island in Lake Ladoga, the largest lake in Europe. It is not clear when The Almohad Dynasty, was a Berber, Muslim dynasty that was founded in the 12th century, which conquered most of northern Africa as far as Libya, together with Al-Andalus. Between 1130 and his death in Vasily II Vasiliyevich Tyomniy (Blind) (Василий II Васильевич Тёмный in Russian) (10 March 1415 – 27 March 1462, Moscow) was the Grand Prince of Moscow whose long reign (1425-1462) was plagued by the The Nueva Planta decrees were a number of decrees signed between 1707 and 1716 by Philip V&mdash;the first Bourbon king of Spain&mdash;during and shortly after the end of the War of the Spanish Succession The Society of Suriname (Sociëteit van Suriname) was a Dutch private company, modelled on the ideas of Jean-Baptiste Colbert and set up on 21 May 1683 to profit from the management and defence of the Bardy-Świelubie or Bartin-Zwillipp near modern Kolobrzeg was a Viking Age Slavic-Scandinavian settlement on the southern Baltic coast. It is named after the modern villages of Bardy and Świelubie. Bardy-Świelubie The theme of Iberia was an administrative and military unit – theme – within the Byzantine Empire carved by the Byzantine Emperors out of several Armenian and Georgian lands in the eleventh century. It Niccolo's Smile: A Biography of Machiavelli is a transaltion of Machiavelli's diaries and memoirs by Maurizio Viroli, a scholar from the University of Bologna, Italy and Princeton University. Published Witte van Haemstede (1280/1282-1321) was a bastard son of Floris V, Count of Holland. His half-brother John I, Count of Holland, gave him the property of Haamstede, in Southern Holland. He married Agnes The Kingdom of Viguera was a short-lived pocket kingdom around the Navarrese town of Viguera from 970 to 1005. It is said to have been created by the testament of García Sánchez I of Pamplona for his Michael of Bosnia (after 1243 - before 23 March 1266), Duke of Bosnia from 1262 to 1266, was a member of the Rurik dynasty. He was the son of Duke Rostislav of Mačva and his wife, Anna, a daughter of The Yalta Conference, sometimes called the Crimea Conference and codenamed the Argonaut Conference, was the February 4–11, 1945 wartime meeting of the heads of government of the United States, the United The Truce of Andrusovo was a thirteen and a half year truce, signed in 1667 between Tsardom of Russia and the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth, which were at war since 1654 over the territories of modern-day The Age of Revolution is a term used to denote the period from approximately 1775 to 1848 in which a number of significant revolutionary movements occurred on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean in Europe"
Category:Theatre_in_the_United_States	5139	Category:Humanities/Category:Entertainment/Category:Theatre/Category:Theatre_in_the_United_States Category:Society/Category:Entertainment/Category:Theatre/Category:Theatre_in_the_United_States Category:Arts/Category:Performing_arts/Category:Theatre/Category:Theatre_in_the_United_States Category:Arts/Category:Performing_arts/Category:Theatre_in_the_United_States Category:Culture/Category:Entertainment/Category:Theatre/Category:Theatre_in_the_United_States	"Edward Barnes (born December 16, 1958) is an American composer and producer. Edward Barnes studied music composition at the Juilliard School with composers Vincent Persichetti and David Diamond and at Peter Marshall (born March 30, 1926) is an American television and radio personality, singer, and actor. He was the original host and ""The Master"" of The Hollywood Squares, from 1966 to 1981. He has almost Last Summer at Bluefish Cove, by Jane Chambers, is a play about a woman spending her last summer with her family of friends, at the same time having unexpectedly fallen in love. This work is considered The Purple Rose Theatre Company (or PRTC) was founded by Jeff Daniels in 1991. Originally known as the Garage Theatre, 'The Rose' takes its name from Woody Allen's 1985 film The Purple Rose of Cairo starring African Globe Theatre Works is a non-profit professional, independent theatre company in 1994 Newark, New Jersey established to produce an annual season of plays by and about people of African descent. The Knickerbocker Theatre, formery known as Abbey's Theatre, was a Broadway theatre located at 1396 Broadway (West 38th Street) in New York City. In 1906, the theatre introduced the first moving electrical Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm was an American play in 1909 based on the popular children's book of the same name. The author of the book and the play was American children's author and educator Kate Douglas Albert Lewis was a Broadway producer. Lewis was also a member of the Lewis and Gordon production team, along with Max Gordon, who produced the original incarnation of The Jazz Singer, which ran for several For the British actor, see: John Harvey. John HarveyError creating thumbnail: Born John Harvey Johnson, Jr. June 28, 1917(1917-06-28)New Rockford, North Dakota, USADied December 25, 1970 (aged 53)New Laughter on the 23rd Floor is a play by Neil Simon. Inspired by Simon's early career experience as a junior jokesmith (along with his brother Danny) for Your Show of Shows, the play focuses on Sid Caesar/Jackie The Greater Cleburne Carnegie Players, named for Andrew Carnegie, is a non-profit thespian group that has been bringing live theatre to Cleburne, Texas and the surrounding areas since 1980. Starting with Founded in 1977 and led by Artistic Producing director Tisa Chang, the Pan Asian Repertory Theater is a New York based theatre group that explores the Asian American experience. Pan Asian Rep provides Peppermint Creek Theatre Company was established in Mason, Michigan. It is a fast growing, award winning theater company out of East Lansing, Michigan. The owner and president is Chad Badgero. Founded New York Shakespeare Festival is the previous name of a sequence of shows organized by the Public Theater in New York City, most often being held at the Delacorte Theater in Central Park. For years the Michael McGrath (born September 25, 1957) is an American stage actor. He is best known for his role as Patsy in Spamalot, for which he received a nomination for a Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in Tom Smith (born in 1969 in Rochelle, Illinois) is an American playwright, theatre director, and associate professor of theatre arts. Originally trained as an improvisational comedian, Smith founded Walla Strictly Dishonorable is a romantic comedy play written by Preston Sturges and first produced on Broadway in 1929. It has been adapted for the screen twice, first in 1931, then again in 1951. The play Frank Fay (November 17, 1891 &ndash; September 25, 1961) was an American film and stage actor, emcee, comedian, best-known as an actor for having played ""Elwood P. Dowd"" in the play Harvey by the American John Treville Latouche (La Touche) (November 13, 1914 in Baltimore, Maryland – August 7, 1956 in Calais, Vermont) was a musician and writer. Born in Baltimore, Maryland, Latouche's family moved to Richmond, Charles Collins (7 January 1904, Frederick, Oklahoma - 26 June 1999, Montecito, California) was an American singer and actor of the stage, television, and film. He was particularly known for his work The Caine Mutiny Court-Martial is a two-act play by Herman Wouk, which he adapted from his own novel, The Caine Mutiny. Wouk's novel covered a long stretch of time aboard the USS Caine, a Navy minesweeper Great Hymn of Thanksgiving is a 2003 performance piece composed by playwright and composer Rick Burkhardt and performed by The Nonsense Company. The performance is often paired with Conversation Storm, Alan Stone (April 28, 1929 — July 9, 2008) was an American opera director, opera singer, and vocal coach. Born and raised in Chicago, Stone notably founded the Chicago Opera Theater in 1974. He served David Winters (born 5 April 1939) is an English-born American dancer, choreographer, producer, director, screenwriter, and actor. Winters has participated in, directed and produced over 400 television Jim Jacobs (born October 7, 1942) is an American composer, lyricist, and writer for the theatre. He is known for writing the book, lyrics and music, with Warren Casey, for the stage and film musical G William Alexander ""Bud"" Abbott (October 2, 1895 &ndash; April 24, 1974) was an American actor, producer and comedian. He is best remembered as the straight man of the comedy team of Abbott and Costello, Alma Cuervo (born 13 August 1951 in Tampa, Florida) is an American stage actress and singer, who has also performed in film and television. She holds an M.F.A. in acting from the Yale School of Drama, Lois Smith (born November 3, 1930) is an American actress whose career in theater, film, and television has spanned five decades. Smith was born Lois Arlene Humbert in Topeka, Kansas, the daughter of Keith Wann is an American child of two deaf adults. He was born January 4, 1969. He has turned his life-long dealings with American Sign Language into a performance art show. He caters to all hearing, Adam Arkin (born August 19, 1956) is an American television, film and stage actor and director. He played the role of Aaron Shutt on Chicago Hope. He is also one of the three actors to portray Dale ""The Bernard Whalen ""Bert"" Convy (July 23, 1933 &ndash; July 15, 1991) was an American actor, singer, game show host and panelist known for his tenure as the host for Tattletales, Super Password, and Win, Brad Oscar (born September 22, 1964) is an American musical theatre actor known for his Broadway performances in musicals such as The Producers and Jekyll and Hyde. The former garnered him a Tony Award Tom Neal (January 28, 1914 – August 7, 1972) was an American actor famous for appearing in the critically lauded film Detour, a tryst with Barbara Payton and later committing manslaughter. Amick Byram is an American baritone, a recording artist and two-time Grammy nominee A well-known sessions artist in Los Angeles, California, Byram has sung in over 100 films, including The Prince of Egypt, Stan Morse is an actor, writer, and director. He is a co-founder of the Cabaret Dada theater, and is the founder and artistic director of Liquid Radio Players in Los Angeles. Nita Naldi (March 1895 &ndash; February 17, 1961) was an American silent film actress. One of the most successful actresses in Hollywood during the ""Roaring Twenties"", she was often cast in the role of Harry Goz (June 23, 1932 – September 6, 2003) was an American musical theater actor and voice actor. He debuted in the 1964 Broadway production of Bajour, co-starring Chita Rivera and Nancy Dussault. Nicolas Kent ""Nick"" Stahl (born December 5, 1979) is an American actor. Starting out as a child actor, he gained recognition for his performance in the 1993 film The Man Without a Face and then embarked Anna Ragsdale Camp (born 1982/1983) is an American stage and television actress. She is known for her role as Jill Mason in the 2008 Broadway revival of Equus and for her role as Sarah Newlin in the HBO Paul Sills (November 18, 1927 &ndash; June 2, 2008) was a director and improvisation teacher, and the original director of Chicago's The Second City. Born as Paul Silverberg, his mother was teacher and John Litel (December 30, 1892 – February 3, 1972) was an American film actor. He was born John Beach Litel in Albany, Wisconsin, and died in Woodland Hills, Los Angeles, California. During World War I, Lee Ann Remick (December 14, 1935 – July 2, 1991) was an American film and television actress. Among her best-known films are Anatomy of a Murder (1959), Days of Wine and Roses (1962), and The Omen (1 Ivy Sawyer (February 13, 1898 &ndash; November 16, 1999) was an American cabaret and ballroom dancer, singer, and stage actress. Ivy Sawyer danced professionally with John Jarrot until she met and married Eve Arden (April 30, 1908 – November 12, 1990) was an American actress. Her almost 60-year career crossed most media frontiers with supporting and leading roles, but she is perhaps best remembered for Andy Comeau (born 19th October 1970 in New Boston, New Hampshire) is an American actor. He is best-known for playing Theodore ""Teddy"" Huffstodt, the mentally unbalanced brother of lead character Dr. Craig Terrence Alonzo ""Tab"" Baker (c. 1960 – August 9, 2010) was an American actor. Baker was born either on 1959, or 1960, in Chicago, Illinois. He was a graduate of Marquette University in Milwaukee. Baker Alice Faye (May 4, 1915 &ndash; May 9, 1998) was an American actress and singer, called by the New York Times ""one of the few movie stars to walk away from stardom at the peak of her career. "" She is Gail Kane (July 10, 1885 – February 17, 1966) was a stage and silent movie actress born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Her birth name was Abigail. Kane was 5'7"" tall, weighed 142 pounds, and had dark William George ""Billy"" Zane, Jr. (born February 24, 1966) is an American actor, producer and director. He is probably best known for his role as Caledon ""Cal"" Hockley from the 1997 blockbuster Titanic. Raymond Wallace ""Ray"" Bolger (January 10, 1904 – January 15, 1987) was an American entertainer of stage and screen, best known for his portrayal of the Scarecrow and Kansas farmworker Hunk in the 1939 Ken Urban is a playwright and director. He was born in New Jersey in 1974. He now divides his time between Cambridge, Massachusetts and New York City. He teaches at Harvard University. He is a graduate Veanne Cox (born January 19, 1963) is an American stage and screen actress and former ballet dancer. Cox was born in Norfolk, Virginia. She studied ballet at the Washington School of Ballet, acting at Taina Elg (born 9 March 1930, Helsinki, Finland) is a Finnish-American actress and dancer. She has appeared on stage, film and television. She was born in Helsinki, but later raised in Turku by her parents, Tony Azito (July 18, 1948 – May 26, 1995) was an American eccentric dancer and character actor. During his career, he was best known for comic and grotesque parts, which were accentuated by his lanky, Kitty Mei-Mei Chen is a playwright and actress and the author of five full-length plays and numerous short plays and children's stories. She received the 1992-93 NEA Fellowship in Playwriting. Thomas Edward ""Tommy"" Rall (b. December 27, 1929, Kansas City, Missouri) is an American ballet dancer, tap dancer and acrobatic dancer who was a prominent featured player in 1950s musical comedies. He Side Man is a memory play by Warren Leight. His inspiration was his father Donald, who worked as a sideman, in jazz parlance a musician for hire who can blend in with the band or star as a solo performer, Jeff Baron is an award-winning playwright from New York. He grew up in New Jersey and currently lives in Manhattan. He has a degree in film production from Northwestern University (S74) http://www. northwestern. John Madden Towey (born February 13, 1940) studied acting and directing at the Goodman Theatre in Chicago. He received B.F.A. degree in directing in 1967. Acted two seasons at the Arena Stage in Washington James Susumu Ishida, oftentimes credited as Jim Ishida (born July 29, 1943 Stockton, California) is a Japanese-American character actor who has had a role in various projects over the course of his over Nathaniel Eaton is an American journalist and writer. His first play Dream at the End of the World, a monologue, was published worldwide in 1998 by Samuel French Inc.. He then went on to write Second Flaming Guns of the Purple Sage is a sadistic satirical play by Jane Martin. Big 8, a feisty rodeo competitor, is a bitter critter, facing foreclosure on the Wyoming ranch where she rehabilitates injured Stephen Winthrop Porter (born July 24, 1925) is an American stage and television director, producer, set designer and writer best known for directing the classics, especially George Bernard Shaw, Molière Jason Keller (born circa 1968 in Indianapolis, Indiana) is an American playwright and screenwriter. Keller attended Ball State University before receiving a writing scholarship to Regent's College in John Willard (November 28, 1885, San Francisco, California – August 30, 1942, Los Angeles, California) was an American playwright. His most famous work is The Cat and the Canary (1922), a play that was William Chapman is an American operatic baritone and stage actor. He appeared in several Broadway productions and was notably a leading performer at the New York City Opera from 1957 through 1979. Catherine Cox is an American actress. A regular on the Broadway stage in the 1980s, Cox's credits include the original Ethel McCormack in the production of Footloose, the musical Oh Coward!, for which Kansas City Repertory Theatre, the premier professional resident theatre company of the Kansas City metropolitan area is now in its 45th year. During this long history, there have been only four artistic The Seven Descents of Myrtle is a play by Tennessee Williams. Its title character is reminiscent of another Williams' heroine, Blanche Dubois in A Streetcar Named Desire. Originally titled Kingdom of Community Theatre of Little Rock is a non-profit organization based in Little Rock, Arkansas and founded in 1956. It is a completely volunteer-driven organization. MISSION STATEMENT:Striving to Enlighten, The New York International Fringe Festival, or FringeNYC, is a Fringe theater festival and one of the largest multi-arts events in North America. It takes place over the course of two weeks every August, Crime and Punishment is a stage adaptation of Fyodor Dostoevsky′s classic novel Crime and Punishment. The authors, Marilyn Campbell and Curt Columbus, created a 90-minute, three-person play, with each Christopher Horner was born in 1955 in Los Angeles. Before graduating high school, Christopher had already studied anthropology and been involved in exchange programs on Hopi Reservations. Graduating The League of Washington Theaters (LOWT) is an association of non-profit professional theaters and theater-related organizations in and around the Washington, DC area. Its programs include an annual area-wide Ann Pennington (December 23, 1893–November 4, 1971) was an actress, dancer, and singer who starred on Broadway in the 1910s and 1920s, notably in the Ziegfeld Follies and George White's Scandals. She Living Stage Theatre Company was the preeminent theatre for social change founded by Robert A. Alexander in 1966. (He served as the Artistic Director until 1995. ) Located in Washington, D.C. , this professional Collected Stories is a play by Donald Margulies which premiered in 1996 at the South Coast Repertory. It premieres on Broadway in a limited engagement production by the Manhattan Theatre Club with previews Don't Drink the Water is a play written by Woody Allen that premiered on Broadway on November 17, 1966 and played for 598 performances at three different Broadway theaters. The farce takes place inside The American Light Opera Company was a semi-professional theatre company performing light operas and musicals in Washington, D.C. from 1960 to 1968. It was founded by a group of former and (at the time) based Orpheus Musical Theatre Society was founded in 1906. Orpheus performs three shows annually at the Centrepointe Theatre in Ottawa, Ontario. Past performers in Orpheus shows include Alanis Morissette, The Ringling International Arts Festival is an annual festival resulting from the partnership between the Ringling Museum of Art and the Baryshnikov Arts Center. Encompassing Sarasota and Manatee Counties, Charles Adler (1886 – ?) was an American stage and motion picture actor of the 1920s to 1940s. He was the son of actors Jacob Pavlovitch Adler and Jenny Kaiser and stepson of Sara Adler, and the half-brother James O'Neill was an actor and the father of the American playwright Eugene O'Neill. During his day, he was considered a promising actor, quickly working his way up the ranks to become a matinee idol. The Cabiri, a Seattle, Washington based non-profit physical theater troupe, was founded in 1999 by Artistic Director John S. Murphy. In 2001, the troupe became legally incorporated (under the organization Vicky Hamilton (born April 1, 1958) is an American record executive, personal manager, promoter and club booker, writer (journalist, playwright, and screenwriter), documentary film maker, and artist. Amargosa Opera House and Hotel is a historic building and cultural center located in Death Valley Junction, in eastern Inyo County, California near Death Valley National Park. Resident opera artist Marta Charles Wood (April 23, 1916 - May 29, 1978) was an American singer and actor. After moving to New York City from his native Seattle, he appeared in five Broadway musicals in the 1940s and 1950s. The National Black Theatre Festival (NBTF) was founded in 1989 by Larry Leon Hamlin in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Serving as its executive director, Hamlin’s goal in creating the Festival was ""to Eric Sanders (born April 11, 1982, Great Barrington, MA) is a playwright in New York City. At one time an aspiring actor, Sanders moved to New York City in 1999 and studied under acting teacher Wynn Handman, The Art Directors Guild Hall of Fame was established in 2005 to recognize and honor the accomplishments and contributions of legendary art directors and production designers. As of 2009, 22 individuals Robert Lansing (June 5, 1928 — October 23, 1994) was an American stage, film and television actor. Born in San Diego, California as Robert Howell Brown, he reportedly took his acting surname from the George Dalton (born 1947) is an American playwright. He was born in Pana, Illinois. He lived in the rural countryside of Illinois until the ninth grade when he moved with his parents to California. He Robert Cohen (born 1938) is an American university professor, theatre director, playwright, and drama critic. He has written many books on theatre, two dramatic anthologies and many plays, among other Michael Friedman is an American composer and lyricist. He is a founding Associate Artist of The Civilians and an Artistic Associate at New York Theatre Workshop . He received a 2007 Obie award for sustained Charles Smith is an African-American playwright born in Chicago. Many of his plays consider political and historical themes from an African-American perspective. He is playwright-in-residence for Indiana Jason Miller (April 22, 1939 – May 13, 2001) was an American actor and playwright. He received the 1973 Pulitzer Prize for Drama for his play That Championship Season, and was widely recognized for his Synetic Theater is a non-profit physical theater company located in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area. It performs at the Rosslyn Spectrum (Rosslyn, Virginia), The John F. Kennedy Center for the The Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle Awards is an annual awards program presented by the Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle (LADCC). Established in 1969, the awards recognize excellence in theatre in the Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter? is an original stage comedy in three acts and four scenes that opened on Broadway October 13, 1955, starring Orson Bean (George MacCauley), Martin Gabel (Irving LaSalle), William Ross, a prominent producer and stage manager on Broadway, was born in New York City on 5 September 1915 and died 23 August 1994. He served as vice president of the Actors' Equity Association and See also: List of playwrights, List of playwrights by nationality and year of birth, List of Jewish American playwrights If you add a name, remember to place :Category:American dramatists and playwrights George Morrison (born 1928) is one of the leading teachers of acting in the United States. Born in Evanston, Illinois, he attended the public schools there and started acting in the pioneering children’s The Effect of Gamma Rays on Man-in-the-Moon Marigolds is a 1964 play written by Paul Zindel, a playwright and science teacher. Zindel received the 1971 Pulitzer Prize for Drama and a New York Drama Critics' Ruth Hale (October 14, 1908 &ndash; April 20, 2003) was an American playwright and actress. Hale was born in Granger, Utah and was an active member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Tim Schoch (born November 22, 1949) is to date the author of 10 novels -- three detective-mystery novels, four humorous mysteries for young adults, one romance based on the TV soap opera Another World, Kirk Lynn (born May 8, 1972) is a playwright who lives in Austin, Texas. He graduated from Douglas MacArthur High School in 1990. He is one of the founders of Rude Mechanicals theater company and he has Louis Mann (20 April 1865 - 15 February 1931) was an American theatre actor and sometime director, who in his later life made a few appearances in motion pictures. He was married to actress and playwright, James Joseph Wolk (born March 22, 1985), also credited as Jimmy Wolk, is an American actor, known for his roles in the 2010 series Lone Star and the film You Again. Judy Kaye (born October 11, 1948) is an American singer and actress. She has appeared in stage musicals, plays, and operas, including a two-year run in the musical Ragtime and the original cast of Mamma Alan Bowne (1945-1989) was an American playwright and author. He was a member of the New Dramatists. He wrote a number of plays including Beirut, Forty-Deuce, Sharon and Billy, and The Beany and Cecil Hope Davis (born March 23, 1964) is an American actress. She has starred in more than 20 feature films, including About Schmidt, Arlington Road, Flatliners, Mumford, American Splendor, The Lodger and Larry Pine (born March 3, 1945) is an American film, television and theatre actor. He began his professional acting career Off-Broadway, then appeared in Cyrano de Bergerac at the Vivian Beaumont Theatre Bamboozled is a 2000 satirical film written and directed by Spike Lee about a modern televised minstrel show featuring black actors donning blackface makeup and the violent fall-out from the show's success. Repertory or rep, also called stock in the United States, is a term used in Western theatre and opera. A repertory theatre can be a theatre in which a resident company presents works from a specified Joan Allen (born August 20, 1956) is an American actress. She worked in theatre, television and film during her early career, and achieved recognition for her Broadway debut in Burn This, winning a Tony Ben Bagley (October 18, 1933, Burlington, Vermont – March 21, 1998) was an American musical theatre and record producer. Bagley moved to New York City during the early 1950s, and at age 22 he produced Sheryl Lee (born April 22, 1967) is an American actress. She came to international attention for her performances as Laura Palmer and Maddy Ferguson on the 1990 cult TV series Twin Peaks and in the 1992 Pamela Suzette ""Pam"" Grier (born May 26, 1949) is an American actress. She became famous in the early 1970s, after starring in a string of moderately successful women in prison and blaxploitation films Jack Betts is an American stage, movie, and television actor. He is sometimes credited as Hunt Powers. A graduate of the Actors Studio, he started his career as a leading man in spaghetti westerns, before Rollie Lynn Riggs (August 31, 1899 – June 30, 1954) was an author, poet and playwright born on a farm near Claremore, Oklahoma. His mother was 1/8th Cherokee, and when he was two years old, his mother Ray Danton (September 19, 1931 – February 11, 1992), also known as Raymond Danton, was a smooth looking radio, film, stage, and television actor, director, and producer whose most famous role was The Mel Colm-Cille Gerard Gibson, AO (born January 3, 1956) is an American actor, film director, producer and screenwriter. Born in Peekskill, New York, Gibson moved with his parents to Sydney when he was Neal Huff is an American actor. He received his MFA from the Tisch School of the Arts at New York University. He has appeared on Broadway in revivals of The Tempest (1995) and The Lion in Winter (1999) Dan Goggin (born on May 31, 1943 in Alma, Michigan) is an American writer, composer, and lyricist for musical theatre. Goggin began his career as a singer in the Broadway production of Luther, which starred Ed Bullins is an African American playwright. He was also the Minister of Culture for the Black Panthers.. In addition, he has won numerous awards, including the New York Drama Critics' Circle Award and Linda Hunt (born April 2, 1945) is an American film, stage and television actress. She is perhaps best known for her Academy Award-winning role in 1982's The Year of Living Dangerously. She is currently Ned Glass (April 1, 1906 &ndash; June 15, 1984) was an American character actor who appeared in more than eighty films and on television more than one hundred times, frequently playing nervous, cowardly Rick Jason (May 21, 1923 – October 16, 2000) was an American actor, born in New York City, and most remembered for his role as 2nd Lt. Gil Hanley in the ABC television drama Combat! (1962-1967). Born Ann Harada is a New York-based actress who is best-known for the musical Avenue Q in which she originated the role of Christmas Eve, the heavily-accented Japanese therapist. Ann HaradaError creating thumbnail: Kenny Leon is an African-American director notable for his work on Broadway and in regional theater. His success on Broadway has made him one of its foremost African-American directors. He gained prominence The Society of the Educational Arts, is a bilingual not-profit Art Education Organization is a theatre company founded in 1985 in Puerto Rico that produces socially conscious and educational productions Will Holt (born April 30, 1929) is an American singer, songwriter, librettist and lyricist known first and primarily as a folk performer during the 1950s and 1960s and as an interpreter of the music of Allan Carr (May 27, 1937 &ndash; June 29, 1999) was an American producer and manager of stage and screen. Carr was nominated for numerous awards, winning a Tony Award and two People's Choice Awards, and Donna Kane is an American theater actress. She was the recipient of the 1986 Theatre World Award for her off-Broadway portrayal of Ruby in Dames at Sea. Kane had her Broadway debut in 1989 in Meet Me Hyman Solomon Kraft (April 30, 1899 – July 29, 1975), aka Hy Kraft or H.S. Kraft, was an American screenwriter, playwright, and theatrical producer. Among the notable comedy plays that he wrote were Ten Helen Kane (August 4, 1904, – September 26, 1966) was an American popular singer; her signature song was ""I Wanna Be Loved By You"". Fleischer Studios animator Grim Natwick used Kane as the model for his I-Fest is short for the International Festival of Christian Puppetry and Ventriloquism, a six-day annual conference sponsored by Denver-based puppet company, One Way Street, and located on the campus John Guare (pronounced gwâr; born February 5, 1938) is an American playwright. He is best known as the author of The House of Blue Leaves, Six Degrees of Separation, and Landscape of the Body. His style, Sammy Cahn (June 18, 1913 &ndash; January 15, 1993) was an American lyricist, songwriter and musician. He is best known for his romantic lyrics to films and Broadway songs, as well as stand-alone songs Dee Hoty (born August 16, 1952) is an American musical theatre actress. Over the course of her career, she has appeared in numerous high-profile Broadway productions and earned multiple Tony nominations Mary Doyle (July 21, 1931 &ndash; June 8, 1995) was an American theatre actress who appeared on TV between TV credits from 1956 to 1982. She was born in Lincoln, Nebraska and was the sister of the late Art Baker (January 7, 1898 – August 26, 1966) was a film, television and radio actor of the 1930s, 1940s, 1950s and 1960s. Born in New York City, he was most well known for his radio and television work Cleavon Jake Little (June 1, 1939 &ndash; October 22, 1992) was an American film and theatre actor, known for his lead role as Bart in the 1974 Mel Brooks comedy Blazing Saddles and as the irreverent Emma is a play by historian and playwright Howard Zinn (1922–2010). It was first performed in 1976. The play dramatizes events from the life of the real Emma Goldman. Zinn wrote the play using Goldman's Jordan Bennett (born Jordan Bennett Suffin) is an American actor, singer, writer and songwriter. Jordan Bennett began his career in the fabled Catskill Mountains in upstate New York as a singer and comedian. Sarah Elizabeth Litzsinger (born October 22, 1971) is an American actress and singer, best known for her career in musical theatre. Litzsinger's family is from Carmel, Indiana. She made her Broadway debut Darko Tresnjak is a prominent American theatre director. He has received the Alan Schneider Award for Directing Excellence, a T.C.G. National Theater Artist Residency Award, a Boris Sagal Directing Fellowship, The Apollo Theater in New York City is one of the most famous music halls in the United States, and the most famous club associated almost exclusively with African-American performers. It is listed on Lauren Ambrose (born February 20, 1978) is an American film and television actress. She is best known for playing Claire Fisher on the HBO funeral drama series Six Feet Under. Bart DeLorenzo is a Los Angeles-based theater director and producer. He is the founding artistic director of the Evidence Room theater, a 14-year-old company renowned in Los Angeles for contemporary theater The Voodoo Macbeth is a common nickname for the Federal Theatre Project's 1936 New York production of William Shakespeare's Macbeth, featuring an all-African American cast directed by Orson Welles. The Lawrence Brooks is an American singer and actor who had an active career performing in musicals and operettas throughout the United States during the 1940s through the 1960s. He drew particular acclaim John Tillinger (born June 28, 1938) is a theatre director and actor. Born in Tabriz, Iran, Tillinger was raised in England, where he first was exposed to the theatre. He spent his early years on Broadway Dave Schmelzer (born August 16, 1962) is an American author, playwright, and pastor in the Association of Vineyard Churches. He is best known for his non-fiction book, Not The Religious Type, Confessions George Holland (1791–1870) was an English American stage actor, born in London, December 6, 1791. His father was a tradesman. The boy was first sent to preparatory schools in Lambeth, and afterward to Marjorie Kellogg (July 17, 1922 - December 19, 2005) was an American author born in Santa Barbara, California. Kellogg attended the University of California, Berkeley where she later dropped out and left Penelope Milford (born March 25, 1948; St. Louis, Missouri) is an American film, stage, and television actress. An alumnus of the Chicago/New York theatrical scene (as original cast member of the Broadway Lenny Von Dohlen (born December 22, 1958) is an American film and stage actor, best known for his performance as Harold Smith in Twin Peaks and Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me. Lenny currently resides between Geraldine Sue Page (November 22, 1924 – June 13, 1987) was an American actress. Although she starred in at least two dozen feature films, she is primarily known for her celebrated work in the American Zelma O'Neal (May 29, 1903 - November 3, 1989) was an actress, singer, and dancer in the 1920s and 1930s. She appeared on Broadway and in early sound films, including the Paramount Pictures films Paramount Lawrence Bullock (born 1955 in Durham, North Carolina) is an American playwright, poet, and musician. He currently resides in Mendocino, California. Bullock studied writing with the novelist Reynolds Emanuel ""Manny"" Azenberg (born January 22, 1934) is an award-winning American theatre producer and general manager whose professional relationship with playwright Neil Simon spans thirty-three years. Maureen Therese McGovern (born July 27, 1949) is an American singer and Broadway actress, well-known for her premier renditions of the songs ""The Morning After"" from the 1972 film The Poseidon Adventure Gordon Edelstein is in his eighth season as Long Wharf Theatre’s Artistic Director. In addition to his work on the world premiere of Athol Fugard’s Have You Seen Us?, Mr. Edelstein will also direct and Pauline Elizabeth Hopkins (1859 &ndash; August 13, 1930) was a prominent African-American novelist, journalist, playwright, historian, and editor. She is considered a pioneer in her use of the romantic Paula Miller Strasberg (1909 – April 29, 1966) was a former stage actress who became actor and teacher Lee Strasberg's second wife, mother of actors John and Susan Strasberg as well as Marilyn Monroe's Edmund Simpson (b. England, 1784; d. New York City, 31 July 1848) was an actor and theater manager. He made his theatrical début at the Towcester Theatre in England in May 1806 as Baron Steinfort in August Allison L. Sumrall is an American voice actress working with ADV Films and Seraphim Digital Studios, known for her roles in the English-language dubs of anime series. She is generally credited simply Liev Schreiber (born October 4, 1967) is an American actor, producer, director, and screenwriter. He became known during the late 1990s and early 2000s, having initially appeared in several independent Mary Margaret Anglin (April 3, 1876 – January 7, 1958) was a Canadian-born Broadway actress, director and producer whom Encyclopædia Britannica calls ""one of the most brilliant actresses of her day. "" Lilyan Tashman (October 23, 1896 – March 21, 1934) was a Brooklyn-born Jewish American vaudeville, Broadway, and film actress. Tashman was best known for her supporting roles as tongue-in-cheek villainesses Superior Donuts is a play by American playwright Tracy Letts. Its world premiere was staged by the Steppenwolf Theatre Company in Chicago in 2008, and it premiered on Broadway in 2009. Moultrie Patten (June 10, 1919 – March 18, 2009) was an American actor and jazz musician. Patten was perhaps best known for his role as Walt the trapper on the American television series, Northern Exposure, Sharon Wilkins is an American actress. Wilkins hails from Newburgh, New York and makes her home on the Upper Westside of Manhattan. She has had a number of roles on Broadway and in film and does some Patrick Adiarte (born August 2, 1943) is an American theater, film and television actor and dancer, known for his portrayal of foreign or Asian characters in various roles in film and television. His Elliot A. Willensky (1943 - March 29, 2010) was an American composer, lyricist and music producer from Bayonne, New Jersey. He wrote Michael Jackson's first solo hit ""Got to Be There"" and the Jermaine Clara Blandick (June 4, 1880 – April 15, 1962) was an American actress. Her many film appearances include the role of Auntie Em in the 1939 film The Wizard of Oz. Zaza is a play, originally written by French playwrights Pierre Berton and Charles Simon, but probably best known in the English-speaking world in the 1898 adaptation by David Belasco. The title character Clarice Taylor (b. September 20, 1927, Buckingham County, Virginia) is an American stage, film and television actress. She is known for her recurring role on television on The Cosby Show as Dr. Heathcliff Scott McMorrow is an American playwright and actor. McMorrow's plays have been translated into Italian, and they have been produced extensively throughout the United States, including Off-Off Broadway. Arthur M. Jolly (born 1969) is an American writer. Jolly was born in Lewes, England, the son of Sir Richard Jolly, a development economist, and Lady Alison Jolly, a primatologist. He graduated from Stuyvesant Shirley MacLaine (born April 24, 1934) is an American film and theater actress, dancer, activist, and author, well-known for her beliefs in new age spirituality and reincarnation. She has written a large Jessie Mackaye was a comic stage actress of the Victorian era. Prior to becoming an actress she spent part of her youth in a convent in the United States. Mackaye is remembered for her role as ""Micah Katherine Dee ""KaDee"" Strickland (born December 14, 1975) is an American actress currently known for her role as Charlotte King on the ABC drama Private Practice. Well-known in her hometown of Patterson, Santo Richard Loquasto (b. 26 July 1944, Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania) is a Sicilian-Italian-American production designer, scenic designer and costume designer for stage, film, and dance. He is a descendant Tom Alan Robbins is an American actor. He recently returned to the role of Pumba in The Lion King, a role he originated at The Lion King's Broadway opening. Before returning to The Lion King, he appeared Harry Temple Morey (1873 - January 24, 1936) was an American stage and motion picture actor who appeared in nearly two hundred films during his career. Born in Charlotte, Michigan, Morey began acting Hartford Stage, located in Hartford, Connecticut, is one of the leading resident theatres in the United States, known internationally for entertaining and enlightening audiences with a wide range of the William Dwight Schultz (born November 24, 1947) is an American stage, television, and film actor. He is best known for his roles as Captain ""Howling Mad"" Murdock on the 1980s action show The A-Team, and Winnie Lightner (September 17, 1899 – March 5, 1971) was an American motion picture actress. Perhaps her most famous role was as a gold-digger named Mabel, in Gold Diggers of Broadway (1929). Lightner Samuel S. Shubert (August 27, 1878 &ndash; May 13, 1905) was a Polish-born American producer and theatre owner/operator. He was the middle son in the Shubert family. Born in Neustadt, Poland, he was the Dana Quercioli (born 1980 in Chesterland, Ohio) is a stage and film actress, and alumna of Cabaret Dada and The Second City. She graduated from West Geauga High School, Chesterland, Ohio and currently Shannon Emerick is an American stage actress and voice actress. She is a graduate of Yale University having a B.A. in theatre studies and English. She played roles on and off Broadway, appearing in theatres George Gershwin (September 26, 1898 – July 11, 1937) was an American composer and pianist. Gershwin's compositions spanned both popular and classical genres, and his most popular melodies are widely known. The Mobtown Players has its roots in The Johns Hopkins University. While attending JHU during the early nineties, which at the time had no real theatre program, Ryan Whinnem, Noel Schively, Bill Henry Randolph Roberts (a.k.a. Will Roberts) is an American actor best known for being the second actor to portray Richie Cunningham's older brother Chuck on a few episodes of Happy Days. He also landed the Josie de Guzman is an American actress of Puerto Rican descent best known for work in the theatre. After studying at the Boston Conservatory of Music, Guzman made her Broadway debut in 1978 as Lidia in José Vicente Ferrer de Otero y Cintrón (January 8, 1912 – January 26, 1992), best known as José Ferrer, was a Puerto Rican actor, as well as a theater and film director. He was the first Hispanic actor Barbara Briggs is co-owner of Phaethon World-Stage Co. Pictures. A New York-based writer-producer, she produced and co-wrote the much-lauded Off-Broadway play 'Unto the Innocent' starring Australian actor William Engvick (born July 1914) is an American lyricist, many of whose compositions appear in films. Engvick graduated from the University of California, Berkeley in 1937. He is best known for his collaborations Bernard ""Bernie"" Sahlins is an American writer, director and comedian best known as a founder of The Second City improvisational comedy troupe with Paul Sills and Howard Alk in 1959. Sahlins also opened Cecil Cunningham (August 2, 1888 – April 17, 1959) was an American film and stage actress. She appeared in more than 80 movies between 1929 and 1946. Her grave is located in Chapel of the Pines Cremat John Hockenberry (born June 4, 1956) is an American journalist and host of public radio's The Takeaway, a live national morning news program created by Public Radio International and WNYC New York, and Luv is a play by Murray Schisgal. A mix of absurdist humor and traditional Broadway comedy more in the Neil Simon vein, Luv concerns two college friends - misfit Harry and materialistic Milt - who are ""Talk"" is an Obie award winning play written by Carl Hancock Rux, first produced at the Joseph Papp Public Theater New York Shakespeare Festival about the strife between art and politics, race and reason, Well is a play about illness written by and starring Lisa Kron. Well made its world premier at the Joseph Papp Public Theater in New York City in 2004. The play was directed by Leigh Silverman and also Robin Strasser (born May 7, 1945) is an American actress. Strasser is best known for her Daytime Emmy Award-winning portrayal of Dr. Dorian Lord on the ABC daytime soap opera One Life to Live. Strasser Robert Breuler is an American stage actor, primarily known as a longtime ensemble member of the Steppenwolf Theatre Company, in Chicago, Illinois, where he won a Joseph Jefferson Award for his role as Rex Partington (March 15, 1924 - March 17, 2006) was an actor, director and producer. Partington worked in the professional theater in the United States for over fifty years as an actor, production stage Melva Lou Blancett (August 22, 1924 – March 2, 2010) was an American actress. Blancett was a founding member of both the local chapters of the Screen Actors Guild (SAG) and the American Federation of Ntozake Shange (pronounced N-toe-ZAHK-kay SHONG-gay; born October 18, 1948) is an American playwright, and poet. As a self proclaimed black feminist, much of the content of her work addresses issues relating Chandler Cowles, born in New Haven, Connecticut, was an actor, producer, or co-producer in at least 11 New York theatrical productions from 1946 through 1960. Cowles collaborated closely with Gian-Carlo Florence Shirley was an American stage and film actress. Shirley began her stage career in Boston and enjoyed moderate success on Broadway. After the sinking of Titanic in April 1912, she participated Charles William Goddard (November 26, 1879 – January 11, 1951) was a playwright and screenwriter. Goddard began writing Broadway plays before turning to film, adapting a number of his stage works to film. Charles Siebert (born March 9, 1938, Kenosha, Wisconsin) is an American actor and television director. As an actor he is best known for his role as Dr. Stanley Riverside II on Trapper John, M.D. which Robert Peebles Arthur (Bob Arthur) (born 1943) is a poet, a novelist, a short story writer, a playwright, a critic, a director, and a professor. He has written and published over twenty books and plays Florencia Lozano (born December 16, 1969) is an American actress. She has starred as character Téa Delgado on the daytime series One Life to Live, often receiving praise for the portrayal, as the character Howard Ellsworth Rollins, Jr. (October 17, 1950 &ndash; December 8, 1996) was an American television, film, and stage actor. He is perhaps best known for his portrayal of Coalhouse Walker, Jr. in the Howard Oliver Sackler (December 19, 1929 – October 12, 1982), was an American screenwriter and playwright who is best known for writing The Great White Hope . The Great White Hope enjoyed both a successful Manilla Hartzle Powers (born 1898) was a star of variety shows, revues, vaudeville, and musical comedies in the 1920s and 1930s. She was from Janesville, Wisconsin. Her family came to Janesville sometime Donn B. Murphy (born 1930) taught theatre and speech courses at Georgetown University from 1954 to 2000. At the invitation of Jacqueline Kennedy and Letitia Baldrige, he became a theatrical advisor to Jeannine Taylor (born June 2, 1954) is an American actress. She played ""Marcie Cunningham"" in the 1980 horror movie Friday the 13th. She also starred in a TV film called The Royal Romance of Charles and Terry Shcreiber (born 7 March 1937) is an American theater director, acting teacher, and founder of the T. Schreiber Studio, in New York. Schreiber was born in Winona, Minnesota He has directed theatre, Steven Schachter is an American television, theatre, and film director and screenwriter. Much of Schachter's success stems from projects on which he has collaborated with William H. Macy. The two co-wrote Daniel Franzese (born May 9, 1978) is an American actor. He has worked in film, TV and theater. Franzese was born in Bensonhurst, Brooklyn, New York, the son of Denise and Ralph ""R. J. "" Franzese, a lounge Connie Gilchrist (February 6, 1901 &ndash; March 3, 1985) was a stage, film and television character actress. Born Rose Constance Gilchrist in Brooklyn, New York. Her mother, Martha Daniels, was an actress James Gordon MacArthur (born December 8, 1937) is an American actor best known for the role of Danny ""Danno"" Williams, the reliable second-in-command of the fictional Hawaiian State Police squad Hawaii Marie Shotwell (1880 - September 18, 1934) was an American actress of the stage and screen. Shotwell was in motion pictures beginning in 1915 with roles in God's Witness, The Taming of Mary, Under Southern Elisha Vanslyck Cook, Jr. (December 26, 1903 &ndash; May 18, 1995) was an American character actor who made a career out of playing cowardly villains and weedy neurotics in dozens of films. He was perhaps Mark Povinelli is an American stage, television, and movie actor who also does occasional stunt work. He stands 3’ 9½” and weighs 75 pounds (115 cm, 34 kg) as a consequence of spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia New World Stages, originally Dodger Stages, is an Off-Broadway venue. The architects were Beyer, Blinder, and Belle. The theatre designers were Sachs Morgan, and the interior designer was Klara Zieglerova. David Gene Garrison (born June 30, 1952) is an American actor. His primary venue is live theatre, but he may be more widely known for his numerous television roles, particularly that of Steve Rhoades Michael Engler is an American theatre director, and television director and producer. His Broadway credits include Eastern Standard and I Hate Hamlet. His direction of the 2003 off-Broadway production Ashton P Stevens (August 11, 1872 - July 12, 1951) was an American drama critic. His newspaper column appeared in the San Francisco Examiner and later in the Chicago Herald-American. The character Jedediah Marshall Allen Flaum (September 13, 1925 - October 1, 2010) was an American Emmy Award-winning documentary and television director, producer and screenwriter. In addition to his five Emmy Awards, Flaum Peter Friedman (born April 24, 1949) is an American stage, screen, and television actor. Born in New York City, Friedman graduated from Hofstra University before making his Broadway debut in The Great Donna McKechnie (born November 16, 1940) is an American musical theater dancer, singer, actress, and choreographer. She is known for her professional and personal relationship with choreographer Michael Jacob M. Appel (born February 21, 1973) is an American author, bioethicist and social critic. He is best known for his short stories, his work as a playwright, and his writing in the fields of reproductive Brad Schreiber is an American playwright, screenwriter, author, journalist, essayist, literary consultant and instructor, as well as actor and producer. His writing, in the fields of stage, television, Patti Cohenour is an American actress and singer. She was most recently seen in the Broadway production of The Light in the Piazza as Signora Naccarelli. She was also the alternate for Victoria Clark Jackie Hoffman (born November 29, 1960) is an American actress and stand-up comedian known for her facially-contorting expressions, and one-woman shows of Jewish-themed original songs and monologues. Francis Henry Jenks (June 2, 1838-December 9, 1894) was a 19th century theater critic in Boston whose work appeared in the Boston Globe, The Boston Daily Advertiser, The Boston Courier and The Boston Marcy Harriell is an American musical theater and television actress. Harriell starred as Maria in a 1996 tour of the Broadway musical West Side Story and replaced Daphne Rubin-Vega as Mimi in the Broadway Barry William Blenkhorn (born September 30, 1954), known professionally as Barry Williams, is an American actor best known for his role as Greg Brady in the ABC television series The Brady Bunch. Marc Ian Sklar (born November 7, 1964) is an actor, comedian who has appeared on stage in the Los Angeles premieres of Next Stop, Murder, Dirty Laundry, Pantheon, and Go Aks Alice, and co-wrote book, Daniel Breaker (born June 2, 1980) is an American actor. Born in Manhattan, Kansas, the son of a career military officer, Breaker grew up partly in Germany and attended Douglas Anderson School of the Jefferson Mays (born Lewis Jefferson Mays; June 8, 1965) is an American theatre and film actor. A Connecticut native, Mays trained at Yale College, where he received a Bachelor of Arts degree, and the Lovette George (b. circa 1962 - d. September 6, 2006) was an actress and singer in Broadway, off-Broadway and regional productions. Shows included Uptown... It's Hot! (1986), Carousel (revival) (1994), Helen Ainsworth (October 10, 1901 – August 18, 1961), also known as Cupid Ainsworth, was a stage and motion picture actress. She went to Hollywood in the 1920s as an agent, and she helped a number of Gloria Castillo (born March 3, 1935) is an American stage and motion picture actress of the 1950s. Castillo was born in Belen, New Mexico and graduated from the University of New Mexico in June 1954. FrigidFest was founded in March 2007 when New York's Horse Trade and San Francisco’s EXIT Theatre joined forces to open an open and uncensored theater festival. The first year 29 theatre companies featuring Theatre Tulsa, Inc. is a community theatre company in Tulsa, Oklahoma, USA. It is the oldest continuously operating company of its sort west of the Mississippi River and the seventh oldest in the nation. Ashley Gardner (born April 11, 1964) is an American stage actress. A graduate of the North Carolina School of the Arts, she has an extensive resume in live theatre, as well as supporting parts in various Jeff Keilholtz (born February 21, 1980) is an American actor based out of New York City. He trained under Lily Lodge at the Actor's Conservatory and mentored by Sergei Dreiden, star of Russian Ark. In Melissa Margaret Peterman (born July 1, 1971) is an American actress who is best-known for her role as Barbara Jean in the television comedy series Reba. She was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota and raised Paul Johnston McCullough (27 March 1883 - 25 March 1936) was an American actor who performed in a comedy team with Bobby Clark. Born in Springfield, Ohio, McCullough met Clark at a local YMCA when they Madeleine Davis (born Matalyne Homernell Bryan October 20, 1952 in Georgia) is an American-born pop and jazz singer and a stage actress. Her father was a pharmacist and her mother a housewife, substitute Gilbert Vivian Seldes (January 3, 1893 – September 29, 1970) was an American writer and cultural critic. He was editor and drama critic of The Dial. He also hosted the NBC television program The Subject Matthew Earnest (born 30 June 1969) is an American theater director. He grew up in Texas and began his career under Richard Hamburger at Dallas Theater Center. Relocating to New York City, Matthew spent Teo Castellanos is the founder and Artistic Director of D-Projects, a contemporary Dance/Theater company. D-Projects original work fuses world culture, religion and music, examining social issues through Amelia Swilley Bingham (March 20, 1869 – September 1, 1927) was an American actress from Hicksville, Ohio. Her Broadway career extended from (1896 - 1926). Bingham attended Ohio Wesleyan University before Nelson Slade Bond (November 23, 1908, Scranton, Pennsylvania - November 4, 2006, Roanoke, Virginia) was an American author who wrote extensively for books, magazines, radio, television and the stage. Oakley ""Tad"" Hall III (born around 1950) is an American playwright. The son of novelist Oakley Hall, he became the charismatic leader of the avant garde Lexington Conservatory Theatre in upstate New York Thomas F. Valando (March 1, 1916 &ndash; February 14, 1995) was a Broadway producer and owner of an important New York City music publishing company, Tommy Valando Publishing Group, Inc. Tommy Valando Carol Egmont Delamater St. John (born April 20, 1940) is an American artist, author and playwright and teacher. Born in Brooklyn, her father, Westy Egmont, was a lawyer and her mother, Louise Egmont, Robert Emmett ""Bobby"" Dolan (August 3, 1908 &ndash; September 26, 1972) was a Broadway conductor, composer and arranger beginning in the 1920s. He moved on to radio in the 1930s, and then went to Hollywood Nancy St. Alban (born January 2, 1970, Baltimore, Maryland) is an American actress. Born as Nancy Worrell Franklin, she grew up in Baltimore as one of eight siblings. A ballet dancer since the age of Raiya Corsiglia is a film director, producer, editor and actress. She started acting in high school as ""Kate"" in Taming of the Shrew then went on to the Boston stage, performing in traditional theatre, Scott Kinworthy is an American actor. He was best known for his short-lived role as Josh Madden on All My Children from June 17, 2005 until September 15, 2005. He has since been known for his small role Lamp At Midnight is a play by Barrie Stavis, first produced at New Stages, New York, in 1947. A television adaptation appeared in the Hallmark Hall of Fame series in 1966. In the play, Galileo challenges Triple Espresso... A Highly Caffeinated Comedy is a vaudeville style comedy which opened in Minneapolis, Minnesota in 1996 and enjoyed popular long-standing runs in Minneapolis and San Diego, California, Edmund Lyndeck (born October 4, 1925) is an American character actor and musical theatre performer. Lyndeck, a former college professor, spent well over a dozen years in stock and regional theater roles Jerry McGonigle is an associate professor of acting and directing at West Virginia University in Morgantown, West Virginia. McGonigle began teaching at the university in 1990. He has acted in and directed James Patrick Donleavy (born April 23, 1926 New York City) is an Irish American author, born to Irish immigrants. He served in the U.S. Navy during World War II after which he moved to Ireland. In 1946 John Lee Beatty is an American scenic designer. He was born in Palo Alto, California and grew up in Claremont. His father was dean of students at Pomona College and his mother had also work in academia. Minnie Tittell Brune (1875&mdash;1974) was born Minnie Tittle in San Francisco where she made her first stage appearance as a child of four and a half when she played Little Jim in Lights of London at Charles Sellon (August 24, 1870 &ndash; June 26, 1937) was an American stage and film actor. He appeared in 108 films and stage acts between 1901 and 1935. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts and died Claire Whitney (May 6, 1890 &ndash; August 27, 1969) was an American stage and film actress. She appeared in 111 films between 1912 and 1949. She made her first film in 1913 for Solax and continued making Steven Pasquale (born November 18, 1976) is an American actor from Hershey, Pennsylvania. He made his debut on the HBO series Six Feet Under, playing a love interest for David. He is best known for his Claire Rochester was a vaudeville performer popular in the early 1900s. She was from Atlanta, Georgia, where her father was a judge of the court of appeals. She was a descendant of the founder of Rochester, Lupe Ontiveros (born September 17, 1942) is an American film and television actress. Ontiveros has acted in numerous films and television shows, most often playing a maid or, more recently, an all-knowing The Ovation Awards are a Southern California award for excellence in theatre, established in 1989. They are given out by the Los Angeles Stage Alliance and are the only peer-judged theatre awards in Los Morgan Porterfield Freeman, Jr. (born June 1, 1937) is an American actor, film director, and narrator. He is noted for his reserved demeanor and authoritative speaking voice. Freeman has received Academy ""Eugene Jones III"" a.k.a. ""Eugene Jones"" (born May 9, 1987) is an African-American actor, poet, playwright and filmmaker. Since the age of 13, Jones has worked as an actor throughout New York City and Reginald Harry Barlow (June 17, 1866 – July 6, 1943) was a veteran stage and screen character actor, author, and film director. He was a busy performer in Hollywood films of the 1930s. Daniel Caldwell is an American actor, stage director and drama teacher. He is the founder of Conservatory Theatre Ensemble in Mill Valley, California, where he taught drama at Tamalpais High School. Grace Andreacchi (born 3 December 1954) is a U.S. -born author known for her blend of poetic language and modernism with a post-modernist sensibility. Andreacchi is active as a novelist, poet and play Camille Saviola (born July 16, 1950) is an American actress. Saviola was born in The Bronx, New York City, New York, the daughter of Mary (née d'Esopo) and Michael Saviola. She grew up near Yankee Stadium Lucille La Verne (November 8, 1872 – March 4, 1945) was an American actress known for her appearances in silent, scolding, and vengeful roles in early color films, as well as for her triumphs on the American Winslow Corbett is an American actress and the daughter of Rockford Files supporting player Gretchen Corbett (Beth Davenport). Corbett toured as Elaine Robinson in the stage version of The Graduate during Herbert Anderson (March 30, 1917 &ndash; June 11, 1994) was an American character actor from Oakland, California, probably best remembered for his part as Henry Mitchell in the classic television sitcom Matthew Stocke (born on December 21, 1971) is an American stage and television actor. His hometown is Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He moved to New York City in 1996 as he began his professional career and Effie Crockett (1857 - January 7, 1940), also known as Effie I. Canning, also known as Effie C. Carlton, was an American actress. She is credited with having written and composed the lullaby ""Rock-a-bye Thomas Dilward (1840–1902), also known by the stage name Japanese Tommy, was an African American dwarf who performed in the blackface minstrel show. Dilward is one of only two known blacks to have performed Booth Tarkington (July 29, 1869 – May 19, 1946) was an American novelist and dramatist best known for his Pulitzer Prize-winning novels The Magnificent Ambersons and Alice Adams. He is one of only three Kendra Kassebaum (born May 12, 1973) is an American theatre actress who has performed in many different musicals (both Broadway and non-Broadway), and is most noted for her role as Glinda in the first Robert Meredith Willson (May 18, 1902 – June 15, 1984) was an American composer, songwriter, conductor and playwright best known for writing the book, music and lyrics for the hit Broadway musical The Brooke Christa Shields (born May 31, 1965) is an American actress, author and model. Some of her better-known movies include Pretty Baby and The Blue Lagoon, as well as TV shows such as Suddenly Susan, Andrew Hubatsek is an associate ensemble member of Bloomsburg Theatre Ensemble. He is also an actor, who performed in and directed such shows as On the Westward Trail and Y1K, Life in the Year 1000. He Percival Wilde (New York City, 1 March 1887 – 19 September 1953) was an American author and playwright who wrote text books on the theater arts, novels and numerous short stories and one-act plays. Robert Cuccioli (born May 3, 1958) is an American actor and singer born in Hempstead, New York. He is best known for originating the lead dual title roles in the musical Jekyll and Hyde, for which he Muriel Angelus (March 10, 1909 &ndash; June 26, 2004) was a British-born stage, musical theatre and film actress. Born Muriel Angelus Findlay London, England to Scottish parentage, she developed a sweet-voiced Josh Kornbluth (born 1959) is an American comedic autobiographical monologuist based in the San Francisco Bay Area who has toured internationally, written and starred in several feature films, and starred Glenda has sung with household superstars such as Toto, Teddy Pendergrass and Damian Perkins. She has also collaborated with many top Producers and Songwriters including two-time Grammy winner Tony Saunders New Play Project is a non-profit organization founded in Provo, Utah, by four BYU students. NPP is dedicated to writing and producing new plays that reflect the standards of a Utah Valley audience. They Mark O’Donnell (born July 19, 1954) is an American writer and humorist. Born in Cleveland, Ohio, he received his Bachelor of Arts degree from Harvard College in 1976. He was a member of the Harvard Lampoon, Marguerite Snow (9 September 1889, Savannah, Georgia - 17 February 1958, Los Angeles, California) was an American silent film actress. Her father was a comedian. She was educated in Denver, Colorado at One Flea Spare, by Naomi Wallace, is an award-winning play set in plague-ravaged 17th Century London. Play synopsis from Eclipse Theater: A wealthy couple is preparing to flee their home when a mysterious Suzanne Charney (née Charny) (born 1944) is an American actress and dancer. Charney's first big break came in early 1965, when she was cast as one of the featured dancers in the weekly NBC musical variety Peterson Toscano (born February 17, 1965 in Stamford, CT) is a playwright, an actor, a blogger, a stand-up comedian, and a gay activist. Before accepting his gay orientation, he spent nearly two decades Nicole Burdette is a playwright and actress. She wrote the play Chelsea Walls, which she adapted to film in 2001. She was a co-founder of the Naked Angels (theater company) in 1986, where she worked on Amy Jo Johnson (born October 6, 1970) is an American actress, singer, songwriter and musician. She is best known for her roles as Kimberly Ann Hart, the first Pink Ranger of the Power Rangers franchise Imagining Madoff is a 2010 play by playwright Deb Margolin that tells the story of a fabricated encounter between Bernard Madoff, the admitted operator of what has been described as the largest Ponzi Carel Struycken (born July 30, 1948) is a Dutch film, television, and stage actor. He is an exceptionally tall man at 2.13 metres (7 feet) and thus is often called upon to play character or comedic roles Anthony DeSantis, KStJ (January 5, 1914 &ndash; 6 June 2007) was an American entrepreneur and theater owner in Chicago, Illinois and its suburbs. He is most well-known for the foundation of the area's Margaret Larkin (July 7, 1899 - May 7, 1967) was an American writer, poet, singer-songwriter, researcher, journalist and union activist. She wrote The Hand of Mordechai on a kibbutz in Israel, Seven shares Richard Cotovsky is an American character actor of film, stage, and television. He is also a director of stage. Richard Cotovsky was born in Chicago, Illinois. He attended Southern Illinois University. Stella Stevens (born October 1, 1936 as Estelle Caro Eggleston) is an American film, television and stage actress, who began her acting career in 1959. She is a film producer, director and pin-up girl Theta Alpha Phi (ΘΑΦ) National Theatre Honors Fraternity is an American honor society that accepts members who achieve excellence in the art of theater. Membership is available to undergraduates and graduate William Pierson (July 17, 1926 – August 27, 2004) was an American television, motion picture and stage actor, best known for his raspy voice and his role as Marko the Mailman in the film Stalag 17. Candice Azzara (born May 18, 1945) is an American character actress frequently cast in Italian or Jewish roles. Azzara was born in Brooklyn, the daughter of Josephine and Samuel Azzara. She was inspired George Gene Gustines (born 1971) is a journalist and playwright who is the managing editor of T, a magazine of The New York Times. As a journalist, he has written for the New Jersey, Circuits (technology), James J. Gandolfini, Jr. (born September 18, 1961) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Tony Soprano in the HBO TV series The Sopranos, about a troubled crime boss struggling to balance Ferdinand Durang (c. 1785 – 1831) was an American actor, best known as the first person to sing publicly Francis Scott Key's ""The Star-Spangled Banner"". He was born in Baltimore, Maryland, the son of Dick O'Neill (August 29, 1928 – November 17, 1998) was an American stage, film and television character actor best known for playing Irish cops, fathers, judges and army generals. He began his acting Aristotelis “Telly” Savalas (January 21, 1922 – January 22, 1994) was an American film and television actor and singer, whose career spanned four decades. Best known for playing the title role in the Talking With... is an American play by Jane Martin, published by Samuel French Incorporated. The play is composed of eleven ten-minute monologues, each featuring a different woman who talks about her Mary Gallagher is a United States playwright, screenwriter, novelist, actress, director and teacher. For 6 years, she was artistic director of Gypsy, a theatre company in the Hudson Valley, New York, Christian Michael Leonard Slater (born August 18, 1969) is an American actor and voice over artist. He made his film debut with a small role in The Postman Always Rings Twice before playing a leading Tiffany Bolling, born Tiffany Royce Kral, is an American singer and actress most known for her appearances in '70s cult movies and television shows, such as Ironside (""The Wrong Time, the Wrong Place"", Stephen McLeod Mailer (born March 10, 1966) is an American stage and screen actor. His credits include appearances in films like A League of Their Own, Cry Baby, and Baby Mama, and the television shows Herbert Rudley, (March 22, 1910 - September 9, 2006), was a prolific character actor who appeared on stage, in films and on television. Rudley was born in 1910 (some sources say 1911) in Philadelphia, Ellen McLaughlin (born November 9, 1957) is an American playwright and actor for stage and film. Her plays include Days and Nights Within, A Narrow Bed, Infinity's House, Iphigenia and Other Daughters, Anne Hamburger was Executive Vice President of Walt Disney Creative Entertainment from 2000-2008, the global organization which was founded with her arrival to the Disney Company. Prior to joining The Harvey Lembeck (April 15, 1923 – January 5, 1982) was an American comedic actor best remembered for his role as Cpl. Rocco Barbella on The Phil Silvers Show (a.k.a. Sgt. Bilko) in the late 1950s, and John Benson Sebastian, Jr. is an American songwriter and harmonica player. He is best known as a founder of The Lovin' Spoonful, a band inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2000. His tie-dyed Dave Shalansky (October 28, 1973) is an American actor born and raised in Rhode Island. Shalansky received a BFA in Acting from Boston University. After moving to New York City after graduation, he became Maile Flanagan (born May 19, 1965) is an American actress known for her role as the protagonist ninja Naruto Uzumaki in Naruto, Geri O'Flanagan in 3Way and Janet in Yes Man. Michael Ansara (born April 15, 1922) is a stage, screen and voice actor, best known for his portrayal of Cochise in the American television series Broken Arrow, and as Commander Kang on three different Neva Patterson (born February 10, 1922) is an American character actress who has starred in movies, on television, and on Broadway. In 1952, she created the role of the wife, ""Helen"", in the original Rafaela Ottiano (4 March 1888 &ndash; 18 August 1942) was an Italian-born American stage and film actress. Born in Venice, Italy, she emigrated with her parents to the United States, and was processed Michael Charlies Kuchwara (February 28, 1947 – May 22, 2010) was an American theater critic, columnist and journalist. Kuchwara worked as both a critic and journalist for the Associated Press for more Garrett Morris (born February 1, 1937) is an American comedian and actor from New Orleans, Louisiana. He was part of the original cast of the sketch comedy program Saturday Night Live, appearing from Michael Aronov is an American actor and playwright. He played the character Schlatko in the 2001 film Hedwig and the Angry Inch. Aronov received The Elliot Norton Award — Best Actor, for originating the Sidney Aaron ""Paddy"" Chayefsky (January 29, 1923 &ndash; August 1, 1981), was an American playwright, screenwriter, and novelist. He is the only person to have won three solo Academy Awards for Best Screenplay. Arthur Nersesian (born 1958) is an American novelist, playwright, and poet. Nersesian is of Armenian and Irish descent. He was born and raised in New York City. His novels include The Fuck-up, Manhattan Forrest Tucker (February 12, 1919 &ndash; October 25, 1986) was an American actor in both movies and television from the 1940s to the 1980s. Tucker, who stood 6 feet 4 inches (1.93 m) and weighed 200 Dustin Lee Hoffman (born August 8, 1937) is an American actor with a career in film, television, and theatre since 1960. He has been known for his versatile portrayals of antiheroes and vulnerable types Geeta Citygirl is an actor, dancer, director, producer and the founder and artistic director of SALAAM, the first South Asian American theatre, arts and film company in the USA. Based in New York City, Kelly Masterson is an American screenwriter, playwright and writer who currently lives in New Jersey. He wrote the screenplay for the film Before the Devil Knows You're Dead, for which he is best known. Julie Michelle McCullough (born January 30, 1965) is an American model, actress and stand-up comedian. She was Playboy magazine's Playmate of the Month for February 1986, and played ""Julie Costello"" on Shannon Stoeke is an American stage actor who played the role of Mordred in the revival of Camelot starring Michael York. Shannon also played the role of Claude in the musical Hair which toured Germany, Elijah E. ""Buddy"" Fogelson (February 16, 1900 - December 1, 1987) was an American lawyer, Army Colonel, businessman, horse and cattle breeder, and philanthropist. Although born in Lincoln, Nebraska, he Donald L. Coburn (born 4 August 1938) is an American dramatist. He received the 1978 Pulitzer Prize for Drama for his play, The Gin Game. Coburn was born in Baltimore, Maryland to parents who divorced Nuts is a 1979 play by Tom Topor. It is a suspense, psychological, and courtroom drama that explores sexual abuse issues, family and social power dynamics, and aspects of the criminal court system. It Mary Bond Davis is a singer, actor, and dancer from Los Angeles, California, and a three-time winner of the Drama-Logue Award (Get Happy, Shout Up A Morning, A... My Name Is Alice). Davis began her career Village Theatre is a 501(c)3 non-profit professional producing musical theatre company founded in 1979. Village Theatre is based out of Issaquah and Everett, Washington, both near Seattle. Within the Agnes Robertson Moorehead (December 6, 1900 &ndash; April 30, 1974) was an American actress. Although she began with the Mercury Theatre, appeared in more than seventy films beginning with Citizen Kane Glenn Hergenhahn (born 1969 in Saint Paul, Minnesota) is an American playwright. He graduated from The Evergreen State College where he studied Art History and Painting. Hergenhahn is best known for his Hillary Bailey Smith (born May 25, 1957) is an American actress. Born as Hillary Bailey, Smith attended Dana Hall School, Pine Manor College and Sarah Lawrence College. At Sarah Lawrence as a senior, Melvin Bernhardt is an American stage and television director. He was born and raised in Buffalo, New York, and much of his work has been in the New York City area. He is known for his productions of Francis ""Frank"" S. Chanfrau (1824 – 2 October 1884) was an American actor and theatre manager in the 19th century. He began his career playing bit parts and doing impressions of star actors such as Edwin It Pays to Sin is an American play in four scenes with an English adaptation by Louis Macloon and George Redman from the Hungarian by Johann Vaszary. The Broadway production was directed by Monty Collins Melody Patterson (born April 16, 1949 in Inglewood, California) is an American actress best known for her role as Wrangler Jane in the 1960s TV series F Troop. She was 16 years old when she debuted on Cynthia Martells was a pre-law student at Rutgers University, before her mother encouraged her to become an actress. She then entered the Rutgers' Mason Gross School of the Arts (where she was taught Young Jean Lee is a Brooklyn-based playwright and director working in experimental theater. She is the artistic director of Young Jean Lee's Theater Company, a not-for-profit theater company dedicated Richard Jordan (July 19, 1937 – August 30, 1993) was an American stage, screen and film actor. A long-time member of the New York Shakespeare Festival, he performed in many Off Broadway and Broadway plays. Howard Lindsay (March 29, 1889 - February 11, 1968) was an American theatrical producer, playwright, librettist, director and actor. He is best known for his writing work as part of the collaboration New 42nd Street is a theatrical organization in New York City. In the early 1990s, New 42nd Street was formed to assume ownership of seven neglected theaters: the Apollo Theater, the Empire Theatre, the Carl Hancock Rux (b. March 24, Harlem, New York) is an award winning poet, playwright, novelist, essayist and recording artist; former Head of the MFA Writing for Performance Program at the California Marion Shilling, real name Marion Schilling, (December 3, 1910-November 6, 2004) was an American film actress of the 1930s. Shilling was born in Denver, Colorado, and it is still debated today as to the Tyrone Giordano (born 1976) is a deaf American actor. An alumnus of Montgomery Blair High School and Gallaudet University, he began acting in Washington, DC. He was a member of a small troupe of Deaf Derrick Baskin is best known for his role of ""Comfort Counselor"" Mitch Mahoney in the popular Broadway show, The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee. Baskin also played the role of ""Jetsam"" in the Anthony Marciona (born 27 September 1961) is an American film, Broadway and television actor, singer and dancer from New York City. Marciona began his acting career at the age of five playing Kirk Douglas' Ronald E. Richardson (January 27, 1952 – April 5, 1995) was an American actor and operatic baritone. Richardson began his career in the mid 1970s appearing in regional theater and opera productions. He Kate Wilkinson (October 25, 1916, San Francisco, California – d. February 9, 1993, New York City) was an American stage, film and television actress, best known for her roles as Viola Stapleton in the Jeffrey Stanley (born September 3, 1967) is a playwright born in Roanoke, Virginia. He began writing in elementary school, and graduated from New York University Tisch School of the Arts Undergraduate Jenifer Estess (1961-2003) was a Moline, Illinois-born theatre producer. She began her career as an actor after graduating from New York University with a B.A. in drama. She was a co-founder of the Naked Sticks and Bones is a 1971 play by David Rabe. The black comedy focuses on David, a blind Vietnam War veteran who finds himself unable to come to terms with his actions on the battlefield and alienated Luigi Creatore is a retired American songwriter and record producer. From a musical family, Creatore began his career as a writer. After serving with the United States military during World War II, in Harvey Lester Schmidt (born September 12, 1929) is an American composer for musical theatre. He is best known for composing the music for the longest running musical in history, The Fantasticks, which Lois de Banzie (born May 4, 1930) is an American stage, film, and television actress. De Banzie is best known for her Drama Desk Award winning and Tony Award nominated performance in Paul Osborn's play Edith Taliaferro (December 21, 1894 – March 2, 1958) was a popular Broadway actress of the late 19th and early 20th centuries. She was active on the stage until 1935 and she had roles in three silent Jesse Kellerman (born September 1, 1978) is an American novelist and playwright. He has published four novels: Sunstroke (2006), Trouble (2007), The Genius (2008) and The Executor (2010). For his play, Handful of Fire is a 1958 play in two acts by American playwright N. Richard Nash. The play opened on Broadway at the Martin Beck Theatre on October 1, 1958, closing after five performances on October Intiraymi redirects here. For the Inca festival, see Inti Raymi. Manu Intiraymi (born April 22, 1978) is an American television and theatre actor best known as Icheb on the television series '. Intiraymi Lloyd George Richards (June 29, 1919 – June 29, 2006) was a Canadian-American theatre director, actor, and dean of the Yale School of Drama from 1979 to 1991, and Yale University professor emeritus. George Kapetan is an American actor who is earning a growing cult status in film. A stage actor for several years, since the mid-1990s he has become more visible onscreen as a character actor. His notable T. Ryder Smith is an American actor. A native of New York state and long-time resident of New York City, he has appeared frequently on stage, particularly in avant-garde theatre works, and in film, sometimes Jillian Lee Wheeler (b. May 25, 1991 in St. Charles, Illinois) is an American singer-songwriter and actress currently residing in Windham, New Hampshire. She is most notable for portraying Sara Markum Karine Plantadit is a musical theater actress. She was born and raised in Cameroon. She moved to Cannes, France at age 14 to study dance. She subsequently moved to New York City to study dance with Alvin Eddie Foy Jr. (February 4, 1905 - July 15, 1983) was an American character actor. Born Edwin Fitzgerald Jr. in New Rochelle, New York, the son of vaudevillian Eddie Foy and his third wife, Madeline Morando, Bea Lillie (May 29, 1894 – January 20, 1989) was a comic actress. She was born as Beatrice Gladys Lillie in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. Following her marriage in 1920 to Sir Robert Peel, she was known in Line is a 1967 one-act play by Israel Horovitz, his first play produced. It is an absurdist drama about 5 people waiting in line for an event (what event it is, is never made clear—several of the characters' California Suite is a 1976 play by Neil Simon. Similar in structure to his earlier Plaza Suite, the comedy is composed of four playlets set in Suite 203-04, which consists of a living room and an adjoining Clinton Sundberg (December 7, 1903 or 1906 - December 14, 1987) was a stage and film character actor. Sundberg was born in Appleton, Minnesota on December 7, with sources differing on his year of birth. McCarter Theatre is a not-for-profit, professional company on the campus of Princeton University in Princeton, New Jersey. It is one of the most active cultural centers in the nation, offering over 200 Lester Rawlins (September 24, 1924 - March 22, 1988) was an American stage, screen, and television actor. Born in Sharon, Pennsylvania, Rawlins appeared in off-Broadway productions of Hamlet, Macbeth, Ramon Del Barrio (born Ramon G. del Barrio, May 9, 1964 in New York) is an American performer, choreographer, dancer and singer. He is sometimes credited as Raymond Del Barrio. He is part of a family Jonathan Hadary (born October 11, 1948) is an American actor. Born in Chicago, Illinois and raised in Bethesda, Maryland, Hadary arrived at Tufts University already an accomplished actor. He was promptly The One-Act Festival is an annual theatre festival that different schools and districts all across the United States hold. The different districts are each separated into groups and then compete against Martin de Maat (January 12, 1949 – February 15, 2001) was a teacher and artistic director at The Second City in Chicago. He also taught at Columbia College and Players Workshop. He studied under Viola Murray Hamilton (March 24, 1923 – September 1, 1986) was an American stage, screen, and television actor who appeared in such memorable films as The Hustler, The Graduate and Jaws. Dorothy Emmerson is an American actress and singer who was active in the New York City theatre scene during the 1960s and 1970s. She first appeared in the ensembles of the original 1963 Vernon Duke musical The Talking Band is an experimental theatre company based in New York City. It was founded in 1974 by Paul Zimet, Ellen Maddow, and Tina Shepard, all formerly of The Open Theater. Zimet is the company's Tommy Lee Jones (born September 15, 1946) is an American actor and director. His film roles include federal marshal Samuel Gerard in The Fugitive and U.S. Marshals, the villain ""Two-Face"" in Batman Forever, M. Carl Holman (born June 27, 1919, Minter City, Mississippi, United States — died August 9, 1988, Washington, D.C. ) was an African-American author, poet and playwright. One of his noted works is The Dorothy Heyward (née Kuhns, was an American playwright. Born in Wooster, Ohio, she was married to the author DuBose Heyward, and adapted several of his scripts for the stage, including Porgy. Morgan Jenness is a freelance dramaturg based in New York City. For over 10 years, Jenness worked at the Public Theater, under both George C. Wolfe and Joseph Papp in roles ranging from literary manager The Awesome 80s Prom is an interactive off-Broadway show at Webster Hall described as a ""blast-from-the-past party in the style of Tony 'n Tina's Wedding and The Donkey Show set at Wanaget High's Senior Dorothy Fields (July 15, 1905 &ndash; March 28, 1974) was an American librettist and lyricist. She wrote over 400 songs for Broadway musicals and films. Along with Ann Ronell, Dana Suesse, Bernice Petkere, Laurence Mason is an American actor of stage, film and television. A first-generation American whose parents were originally from Trinidad, Mason graduated from New York's High School for Performing Arts. Jack Albertson (June 16, 1907 – November 25, 1981) was an American character actor dating to vaudeville. A comedian, dancer, singer, and musician, Albertson is perhaps best known for his roles as Manny Richard Bruce Shull (February 24, 1929 - October 14, 1999) was an American character actor. Shull was born in Evanston, Illinois, the son of Zana Marie, a court stenographer, and Ulysses Homer Shull, Bradley Cooper (born January 5, 1975) is an American film, theatre and television actor. He is best known for his roles as Will Tippin in the TV series Alias, Phil Wenneck in the 2009 film The Hangover, Christine Mayo(1884 - 1963) was a silent film actress whose Hollywood career spanned the years from 1915 – 1924. She was featured in vampire roles produced by Fox Film Corporation, Metro Pictures, World John ""Johnny"" Washbrook (born October 16, 1944) is a former child actor best known for his role as 12-year-old Ken McLaughlin on the western television series My Friend Flicka, originally broadcast from Siri Shiva Singh self-titled the ""Urban Yogi,"" is an American born actor, singer, dancer, writer and yogi. He was born Darrell Andre Clark Jr. on (October 24, 1977) in Los Angeles, California. In 2000, Aaron J. Albano (born Aaron John Albano on February 11, 1983) is an American singer and Broadway actor, and he is an active member of Actors' Equity Association and the Screen Actors Guild. Gemze de Lappe (b. February 28, 1925, Portsmouth, Virginia) is an American dancer who worked very closely with Agnes de Mille and was frequently partnered by de Mille's favorite male dancer, James Mitchell. Gertrude Bryan (born 1893, date of death unknown) was an actress in theater and on the Broadway stage of the early 20th century. She was tall with brown eyes. Her parents were both entertainers. Bryan's Lenka Peterson (born October 16, 1925, in Omaha, Nebraska, as Betty Ann Isacson) is an actress of stage, film and television. On Broadway, Peterson's roles included Ella in Sundown Beach (1948), Maude Steve Blanchard (December 4, 1958) is a stage actor best known for his musical theatre roles, being most closely associated with the role of Beast in the musical Beauty and the Beast, which he played Thessaly Lerner is a stage, film and voice actress, writer, director, producer. She is perhaps best known as the voice of the teenage girl in Electronic Art’s The Sims 2, and all subsequent expansion Mary-Pat Green is an American film, television, and theatre actress. She is best known for playing Odessa on the television series Any Day Now. In addition, she has appeared as a guest star on many television Jane Alexander (born October 28, 1939) is an American actress, author, and former director of the National Endowment for the Arts. Although perhaps best known for playing the female lead in The Great Hallie Foote (born 1953) is an American actress. Born Barbarie Hallie Foote in New York City, the daughter of Lillian Vallish Foote and writer and director Horton Foote, she was raised in Nyack, New York Eartha Mae Kitt (January 17, 1927 – December 25, 2008) was an American actress, singer and cabaret star. She was perhaps best known for her highly distinctive singing style and her 1953 hit Christmas Avery Hopwood (May 28, 1882 - July 1, 1928), who was born in Cleveland, Ohio and graduated Phi Beta Kappa from the University of Michigan (1905), was one of the most successful playwrights of the Jazz Kim Stanley (February 11, 1925 &ndash; August 20, 2001) was an American actress, primarily in theatre but with occasional film performances. Stanley began her acting career in theatre, and subsequently Arthur Asher Miller (October 17, 1915 &ndash; February 10, 2005) was an American playwright and essayist. He was a prominent figure in American theatre, writing dramas that include award-winning plays Honor Moore is an American writer who writes poetry, creative nonfiction and plays. She is the author of three collections of poems: Red Shoes, Darling, and Memoir; two works of nonfiction, The White Aasif Mandviwala (born March 5, 1966), known professionally as Aasif Mandvi, is an Indian-born, British-raised, American actor and comedian. He began appearing as an occasional contributing correspondent Emma Waller (1819 &ndash; February 28, 1899) was an English actress who achieved fame in America. Waller made her first appearance at Drury Lane in 1856 as Pauline in The Lady of Lyons. Earlier, she had J. Todd Adams is an American stage, film, and television actor who lives and works primarily in Southern California. Adams attended Brigham Young University where he was a student in the theater and film Ming Cho Lee is a Chinese-born American theatrical set designer and a longtime professor at the Yale School of Drama. Lee, born to parents who were both Yale University graduates, moved to the United Clamma Dale (born 1948) is an African-American operatic soprano. She is best known for portraying the role of Bess in the highly successful 1976 Houston Grand Opera production of Porgy and Bess. The show Joe DiPietro (born 1961) (1960?) http://216.239.59.104/search?q=cache:RsBl8RdWWK0J:www. fortunetheatre. co. nz/productions/past/authors/I%2BLove%2BYou,%2BYou%27re%2BPerfect,%2BNow%2BChange. +Allegro+Art+Of+Murder+joe+dipietro&amp;hl=en&amp;ct=clnk&amp;cd=9 James Vasquez is an American actor, writer, and director. Vasquez is originally from Escondido, California, United States. As an actor, Vasquez has appeared off Broadway with The Public Theater in New Pippin Parker is an American playwright and theatre director . He is currently chair of the Playwriting Department at The New School . He is one of the co-founding members of Naked Angels Theater Company Eve Whittle (born August 5, 1967) is an American actress and child psychologist best known for her TV role of the earnest and enthusiastic airport supervisor/technician Brenda Blue on the PBS Kids CGI Marie Fedor was a stage actress from Boston, Massachusetts who performed in theater at the beginning of the 20th century. Fedor spent most of her early life in Paris, France with her mother. She developed Bobbi Boland is a theatrical play by Nancy Hasty which premiered at the Off-Broadway Arclight Theatre in New York City, New York. It ran from March 1 to July 10, 2001. Tony Charmoli (born June 11, 1922), an American dancer, choreographer, and director, began dancing on Broadway in such shows as ""Make Mine Manhattan"" but soon began choreographing for television with Janis Paige (born as Donna Mae Tjaden, September 16, 1922, Tacoma, Washington) is an American film, musical theatre and television actress. She began singing in public from the age of five in local amateur Inez Courtney (March 12, 1908 – April 5, 1975) was an actress on the Broadway stage and in films. Born in Amsterdam, New York, she came from a large Irish-American family. Her father died when she was Don Cummings (born August 3, ????) is an American playwright of more than fifteen plays, a screenwriter, fiction writer and essayist. He has also acted in over forty plays and independent features and Anthony Jared Zerbe (born May 20, 1936) is an American stage, film and Emmy-winning television actor. Notable film roles include the post-apocalyptic cult leader Matthias in The Omega Man, a 1971 film Brad Little is an American musical theatre actor who has appeared in a number of Broadway and touring productions. After several regional productions (one of which won him a Barrymore Award for Best Actor Sandy Faison is an American actress and singer. In 1977, Faison made her Broadway debut as Grace Farrell, secretary to Daddy Warbucks, in Annie. Additional theatre credits include Charlie and Algernon, Annie Ellen Russell (1864–1936) was an American actress, born in Liverpool, England, of Irish parents, Joseph Russell and Jane Mount. Annie Russell moved to Canada when she was a child. She made her first Anna May Wong (January 3, 1905 – February 2, 1961) was an American actress, the first Chinese American movie star, and the first Asian American to become an international star. Her long and varied career Ann Duquesnay is an American musical theatre actress, composer and lyricist best known for Bring in 'Da Noise, Bring in 'Da Funk, which earned her one Tony Award and one Tony nomination. Julian Barry (born 1930) is an American screenwriter and playwright best known for his Oscar-nominated script for the film Lenny about comedian Lenny Bruce, which Barry adapted from his successful Broadway James Kerwin (born October 13, 1973 in St. Louis, Missouri) is an American film and theatre director. Kerwin, who attended Parkway Central High School in Chesterfield, Missouri, has been noted for his Frances Day (real name Frances Victoria Schenck) was an American actress and singer who achieved great popularity in the UK in the 1930s. Day's career began as a nightclub cabaret singer in New York City Julie London (September 26, 1926 &ndash; October 18, 2000) was an American singer, game show panelist and prolific character actress of stage, film and television. Best known for her smoky, sensual voice, Elizabeth Becker ""Beth"" Henley (born May 8, 1952, Jackson, Mississippi) is an American dramatist and actress. She received the Pulitzer Prize for Drama in 1981 for her play, Crimes of the Heart (1978). Rose Gregorio (born 1932) is an American character actress. She began her career appearing mostly in theatre in Chicago and New York City during the 1950s and 1960s. During the 1970s she became more active Kimiko Gelman (born February 20, 1966) is an American actress. Gelman is best known for starring in the television series Rags to Riches from 1987 to 1988, where she played the role of Rose. She has also Grace Keagy (December 16, 1921 - October 4, 2009) was an American actress, best-known for her work on the stage in character roles. She is best known for her Drama Desk Award nominated performance as Sherry Glaser is an American actress, performance artist, and political activist. She was born in New York and raised on Long Island. Glaser moved to Los Angeles in 1989 after receiving a contract from Julie Newmar (born Julia Chalene Newmeyer on August 16, 1933) is an American actress, dancer and singer. Her most famous role is that of Catwoman in the Batman television series. Evelyn Ward (born May 21, 1923) is an American actress best known for her television career from the late 1940s through the mid 1960s, and for being the mother of actor David Cassidy. Ward was born in Shizuko Hoshi is an American actress and theatre director living in Southern California. She is a graduate of Tokyo Women's College and University of Southern California. She was married to actor Mako, Pam Blackwell (born November 9, 1942) is a Mormon playwright and novelist. She is also a psychotherapist. A recipient of a National Endowment for the Arts Fellowship in 1985, her first novel, Ephraim's Barney Cheng (born February 1, 1971) is a Chinese American actor. He was born in Taipei, Taiwan, Republic of China, and speaks Mandarin fluently. His family emigrated to the United States when he was Kurt Naebig is an American actor who has made various appearances on ER, Prison Break, and made movie roles in Road to Perdition, The Relic, Henry: Portrait of a Serial Killer, and Howard Beach: Making Owen Vincent Dodson (November 28, 1914 – June 21, 1983) was an American poet, novelist, and playwright. He was one of the leading African American poets of his time, associated with the generation of David Bedella is an American TV and stage actor. He graduated from Merrillville High School in Merrillville, Indiana. Bedella is perhaps most noted for his role in Jerry Springer - The Opera, where he Rhetta Hughes is a R&amp;B singer and actress. She starred in the Broadway musicals Dreamgirls, Don't Play Us Cheap, and Amen Corner, for which she was nominated for a Tony Award in the category Best David Pinski (April 5, 1872 – August 11, 1959) was a Yiddish language writer, probably best known as a playwright. At a time when Eastern Europe was only beginning to experience the industrial revolution, Bruce Geller (October 13, 1930 – May 21, 1978) was an American composer, screenwriter, and television producer. Born in New York City, New York, Geller graduated from Yale University. He pursued a career Ervin Drake (April 3, 1919) is an American songwriter. He was born Ervin Maurice Druckman in New York City, he was active in the United States with his first song published at age 12 in 1931. He continues Marcia Rodd (born July 8, 1940) is an American actress. Rodd was born in Lyons, Kansas, the daughter of Rosetta and Charles C. Rodd. She studied drama at Northwestern University. In the 1950s, she moved Olive Marie Osmond (born October 13, 1959) is an American actress, singer, doll designer, and a member of the show business family The Osmonds. Although she was never part of her family's singing group, Charles Turner Dazey was born 13 August 1855 in Lima, Illinois and died 9 February 1938 in Quincy, Illinois. A writer and playwright, Dazey attended the state university in Lexington, Kentucky, and graduated William James ""Bill"" Pullman (born December 17, 1953) is an American film, television, and stage actor. Pullman made his film debut as the supporting role of Earl Mott in the 1986 film Ruthless People. Esther Howard (4 April 1892&ndash;8 March 1965) was a film character actress who played a wide range of supporting roles, from man-hungry spinsters to amoral criminals, appearing in over 100 movies in Karl Hanover is an Irish born, American actor. He graduated from the National Theatre Conservatory in Denver. Regionally he has worked with the Denver Center Theatre Company, CalShakes, Berkeley Rep, Clark Gesner (born March 27, 1938 in Augusta, Maine) was an American composer, songwriter, author, and actor. He is probably best known for composing You're a Good Man, Charlie Brown, a musical adaptation Lynn Rachel Redgrave, OBE (8 March 1943 – 2 May 2010) was an English actress. A member of the well-known British family of actors, Redgrave trained in London before making her theatrical debut in 1962. Kate Botello is a former American television personality best known for her work on the San Francisco, California-based ZDTV (later known as TechTV and now known as G4). She began her television career Mark Scharf (born September 21, 1956), is an American playwright, actor and teacher. His plays have received readings and productions in New York City, Washington, D.C. , Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Kathryn Elsbeth Erbe (born July 2, 1966) is an American actress, known for her role as Det. Alexandra Eames in Law &amp; Order: Criminal Intent, a spin-off of Law &amp; Order and deathrow inmate Shirley Joseph G. ""Joe"" Grifasi (born June 14, 1944) is an American character actor of film, stage and television. Grifasi was born in Buffalo, New York, the son of Patricia and Joseph J. Grifasi, a skilled laborer. Eric Millegan (born August 25, 1974) is an American actor, primarily known for his work on the Fox series Bones in which he played Dr. Zack Addy. Millegan is openly gay, and was out before being cast Kay Francis (January 13, 1905 &ndash;August 26, 1968) was an American stage and film actress. After a brief period on Broadway in the late 1920s, she moved to film and achieved her greatest success between Soupy Sales (January 8, 1926 – October 22, 2009) was an American comedian, actor, radio-TV personality and host, and jazz aficionado. He was best known for his local and network children's television James Rocco http://jamesrocco. com/ is currently the Vice President and Producing Artistic Director at the Ordway Center for the Performing Artshttp://www. ordway. org/ and is responsible for producing, Olive Deering (October 11, 1918 &ndash; March 22, 1986) was an American television actress, active from the late 1940s to the mid-1960s. She was the sister of actor Alfred Ryder. Her first stage roles Ken Narasaki (born in 1958 in Seattle, Washington) is a Sansei playwright and actor. He is the former Literary Manager at East West Players theatre company in Los Angeles. He is the twin brother of Karen Peter Sellars (born September 27, 1957) is an American theatre director, noted for his unique contemporary stagings of classical and contemporary operas and plays. Sellars is professor of World Arts and William Eythe (April 7, 1918 – January 26, 1957) was an American actor of film, radio, television and stage. Born in Mars, Pennsylvania, a small town located about 25 miles from Pittsburgh, he was interested Kathryn Ish (February 18, 1936 – December 31, 2007) was an American Broadway theater, film, television and voiceover actress. She was also a founding member of The Committee political satire improvisational"
